0.4.1.0
Added a chikan bus scene. Thanks to Akoz.
Added the option to repair broken outfits you are wearing at the tailor shop. Thanks to Golden Skullky.
Added the option to run to the tailor's instead of the clothing shop when items are broken. Thanks to Golden Skullky.
Added the ability to repair these items when dealing with exposure. Thanks to Golden Skullky.
Added the "unstealthy" trait to certain clothing items. Thanks to TreeFrogSoup.
Dance audiences will comment on players wearing collars, vaginal wetness and players wearing butt plugs. Thanks to TreeFrogSoup.
Robin now reacts if you show up in the more lewder swimwear setups while dating them. Thanks to TreeFrogSoup.
Adjusted scenes to prevent the player from being forced to wear constricting clothing while pregnant. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
When streaking in the park, Kylar will now give you clothes based on what they're currently wearing, rather than always giving you a sweater and jeans. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Improved the journal UI. Thanks to KinkyOne.
Added condom vending machines to the school toilets.
Added an event to the forest. Written by anonymous.
Robin now tattles with names when rescuing the PC in history class. Thanks to TreeFrogSoup.
Adjusted pill description text. Thanks to PyramidCat.
If PC discovers their pregnancy when taking the morning after pill, Dr. Harper tells them in red text. Thanks to Trinidad.
The PC can now set up a vending machine at the brothel, giving a weekly income, once they complete a quest. Thanks to Trinidad.
Added a new UI for changing your hairstyle. Thanks to Kirsty, with help from Lollipop Scythe with pagination, filters, and code improvements.
Thanks to Akoz for formatting improvements during the office meeting scene.
Thanks to majou for greatly reducing save file size, and improving performance.
Added new icons for the shopping mall ladder and the English, Maths, and Science projects; updated main hall, alleyway, and coastal path icons. Art courtesy of Kirsty.
Added icons for Alex's cottage and Robin's lemonade stand. Art courtesy of esiho. Coded by Kirsty.
Added icons for basking, changing rooms, clearing the yard, the compound, the oak on Danube Street, fences, hitchhiking, investigating, the orphanage loft, beach party, and volleyball. Art courtesy of esiho, with adjustments by Kirsty and Cutiland.
Adjusted the wardrobe and clothing shop UIs. Thanks to xnzda.
Gave the journal a facelift. Thanks to xnzda.
Thanks to Golden Skullky, TreeFrogSoup, Crimson Tide, Lollipop Scythe, TreeFrogSoup, Cutiland, anonymous, preeded, majou, and Jimmy for code improvements.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following additions and improvements:
Updated a large number of events that involve the player drinking alcohol, and made them account for both the player being knowingly pregnant, and visibly pregnant, where appropriate.
Jordan now has a proper reaction to a player that is revealed to be a virgin whilst pregnant.
Jordan will now inform the player that they are pregnant during chastity inspections, if the player is not already aware of the pregnancy.
Added a waters breaking passout scene to the temple.
Added a tending option to Catacombs Bores to coax something out. This means that the passage from the chasm to the bores is no longer one-way.
Added a fox encounter to the moor. The player will encounter more dangerous foxes as they go deeper into the moor. Written by Meat Glacier.
Fixes to the sewer location art, as well as winter variations for the sewers, sex shop, and flats, thanks to Ondor.
Redid the cat beast sprites. Thanks to anon.
Added an icon for the new "unstealthy" trait. Thanks to oyea.
The loincloth can now have a custom colour applied to it.
Adjusted the Dark Pendant sprite.
The player can now get pregnant in the prayer room due to popular demand.
Improvements to sidebar pregnancy sprites. The player's underwear should no longer completely vanish at larger belly sizes, and instead fit the shape of the player's belly.

Thanks to Cutiland for coding the following scenes.
Avery will now rarely give the PC a ride on a helicopter after school. Written by Uchiki.
Added a rainy day harassment event on Domus and Danube Streets. Written by Meat Glacier and Devil.
You can now sneak from the beach changing room as a exhibitionism 5 act. Written by Zortinga.
Added a new job to the Domus Street, where the player helps out a folk to fix their TV. Written by Meat Glacier.
Added a new encounter to the school Hallways, where the player it's blocked by a group of students that try to strip them. Written by Zortinga with reorganisation and additions to the scene by Kirsty.
Added lactation content to the wolf cave, both for the black wolf if they are the mother, and the PC if they are the mother. Written by Burnt Toast.
If the player waters break in the forest and the player is caught by the Black Wolf, the Black Wolf will take the player to the hospital. Written by Burnt Toast.
The Black Wolf will now react differently if the puppies the PC gave birth are theirs or not. Written by Kirsty.
Adjusted the birthing scene at the wolf cave if the black wolf is a beast. Written by Kirsty.
Adjusted the High Street pantsing sequence.
When looking for a game to play in the arcade, the player may find a gamer looking for a challenger. Written by Zortinga.
When looking for a game to play in the arcade, the player may find someone willing to play some Air Hockey. Written by Zortinga.
Added new ejaculation lines for Kylar, for when condoms burst, and after ending a sexual encounter. Written by Kami.

Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following additions and improvements:
Added School crossdressing while pregnant scene alternatives.
Added the ability to place dildo's on the floor to allow the pc to masturbate with them, without the use of hands.
Masturbation text improvements.
Added a "silly" pregnancy mode, where holding hands and kissing can cause pregnancies.
Split the "Percentage of people attracted to you that are male" and "Percentage of beasts or monsters attracted to you that are male" settings into a male/female appearience variants.
Adjusted a crossdressing Robin scene.
Code and performance improvements.

Balance Changes
The difficulty of requests to use condoms or pull out now depends on the NPCs aversion to pregnancy, and whether the encounter is consensual or not, with non-consensual encounters being more difficult. Thanks to slenderostrich.
Adjusted willpower in yoga classes. Thanks to Cutiland.
The Kylar bath and bedroom sneak scenes can now occur after Kylar becomes available as a love interest, even if they aren't selected as such in the Attitudes menu. Thanks to Cutiland.
The PC can now agree to Whitney's demands on Elk Street after becoming available as a love interest, regardless of whether they've been selected as such in the Attitudes menu. Thanks to Cutiland.
Prevented beast transformation daily decay when pregnant with the same species as the transformation. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.

Bug Fixes
Fixed a pronoun issue during the state play. Thanks to PyramidCat.
Parasite pregnancy statistics no longer give a hint about other type of pregnancy to unaware PCs. Thanks to Trinidad.
The PC should no longer be given the option to make a plant top or skirt if they already wear one. Thanks to Trinidad.
Fixed issues with a number of clothing items. Thanks to Golden Skullky.
Fixed a bug found during the office meeting scene. Thanks to Akoz.
Taking a bath with Robin should now properly wash the PC. Thanks to Cutiland.
Changed how the mowhark fringe renders in combat, so it no longer clips through headear. Thanks to anonymous.
The PC will no longer be teleported from the glimmering pool to the clearing of fleshlike flowers after clearing the thicket and returning to the tentacle forest.
Fixed a bug that allowed the PC to steal multiple pepper spray charges from the compound per day, rather than once per week.
Fixed an issue with fox generation. Thanks to LewdNeko and Kirsty.
Thanks to YetAnotherDeviant for pronoun fixes.
Thanks to Trinidad and LewdNeko for minor fixes.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following fixes:
Fixed pronoun errors at the canal, when being rescued by Sydney, and when Bailey threatens Robin.
Fixed a line break issue in some ultrasound scenes.
Fixed Quinn inexplicably appearing in the pillory if the player doesn't have enough money for the lake project.
Fixed the lace choker always appearing red. It is now colourable.
Fixed a reversed check resulting in a player only being gutpunched while pregnant.
Fixed demon players gaining trauma from not having the "flaunting" option enabled when available.
Fixed the "flaunting" option not working if the player was uncomfortable being seen naked.
Fixed failing to enter the tentacle forest not passing an hour as advertised.
Fixed being unable to go to the beach with Sydney when wearing certain swimwear.
Fixed a layering issue with the fallen angel halo.
Male NPCs or NPCs with flat chests will now "expose their chest" instead of "expose their nipples" when stripping their own clothes.
Fixed some excessive linebreaks in the forest fox event.
Fixed an issue with the allure caption that wasn't taking into account increased allure effects set by players.
Fixed several issues with the fox meadow event.
Fixed an issue with a Morgan scene where there were several after-combat ending links.
Fixed an issue with a Whitney infirmary scene.
Fixed a passage with no usable links during Domus street modelling events.
Fixed various typos and pronoun issues.

Thanks to Cutiland for the following fixes:
Fixed an issue in the Danube Challenges that made players with old saves have to replay the first challenge instead going to the second.
Fixed an issue that prevented the PC fixing their clothes in one of the Yoga classes encounters.
Fixed an underwear and chastity belt mixup.
Robin will not participate in children events while missing anymore.
Fixed a bug found during the Domus tech support scene.
The player should no longer be informed that they can't access the Pups' Den twice.
Feeding your puppies know reduces your released milk.
The PC must have discovered the Pups Den before being able to feed puppies that aren't theirs.
Pronoun and formatting fixes.

Thanks to Crimson Tide for the following fixes:
Persistent NPCs will properly have their virginities taken.
Bed guests are now reset properly upon leaving bed.
Fixed some scenes that didn't account for homosexual NPC settings.
Fixed the player referring to themself as the wrong gender in the changing rooms.
You can now talk with Robin to lower their trauma down to 0.
Fixed some scenes in the prison that let the player talk freely even while gagged.
Typo and whitespace fixes.

Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes:
Fixed an error found within Bailey's payments.
Fxed an issue with Sydney.
Fixed a breast feeding scene that wasn't disabled when the toggle was off.
Fixed a bug that gave the PC phantom lactation pain.
Fixed a bug that prevented Whitney from acknolwedging chastity devices or female PC orgasms.
Added a missing and fixed a default combat action
Fixed a number of issues with pregnancy.
Fixed an issue found at prison.
Fixed some masturbation bugs related to clothing.
Cleared up some pregnancy extra stats details.
Fix for while the pc is male and crossdressing. If Kylar has a penis, he will now assume you can have his children when he doesn't know your gender.
Fix for Black Wolf not wanting to mate, during the mating event, when the player wiggles their behind at the start.
Fix for hunting with the Black Wolf not setting some variables correctly at the end.
Fixed a minor issue preventing the warning of pregnancy feats being disabled in the settings.
Typo fixes.

Thanks to anonymous for the following fixes:
Fixed an issue with rescues, in which a drugged PC would be unable to scream even after the drugs have worn off.
Fixed hand actions appearing in stalking encounters when the player's arms are bound.
Flying in the moor on rainy days now properly contributes to clothing wetness.
The end of encounters now takes precedent over passing out from suffocation.
Fixed a couple encounters in the office building that did not end properly.
Bailey will no longer wake the player for school on Christmas.
Fixed a start menu error for players with images disabled.
The PC can no longer drink milkshakes nude at the beach.
Fixed xray images using the wrong sprites for strap-ons.
Fixed Robin wearing the wrong costume for Halloween.
NPCs can no longer equip a condom onto a clothed PC.


0.4.1.1
Thanks to majou, Trinidad, and Crimson Tide for code improvements.

Bug Fixes
Buying lube from a vending machine should no longer curse your save data. Thanks to majou.

Thanks to Cutiland for the following fixes:
Fixed a bug that hid the Pups' Den on old saves.
Fixed a pronoun issue on the bus.
Fixed an error found during a Danube Street job.
A formatting fix during the new fox scene.
Fixed a bug found during an arcade scene that prevented the game properly acknowledging the PC's bottoms.

Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes:
Fixed an issue with the mirror hairstyle UI.
Fixed an incorrect clothing check during the new Whitney scene.
Fixed a bug that allowed the PC to breastfeed while not lactating and with breastfeeding disabled.
Fixed a masturbation bug.
Fixed an issue with feats.
Fixed a bug that prevented inquiring about vaginal hermaphrodite parasite removal.
Wolves should no longer have human sperm.

Thanks to Trinidad for the following fixes:
Fixed the condition for the links when buying lube in bulk at the adult shop.
Player no longer has the idea of the vending machine if they haven't accepted the job at the brothel.
Fixed a bug where Briar didn't offer the fake ID.
Added a counter for the products sold at the brothel in the statistics tab.
Fixed an issue when hitchhiking, after a combat, the player always ended at the farms, even if they were going to town.
Fixed images overlaying text in tentacle encounters.


0.4.1.2
Added the chalets to Starfish street, where the PC can find work.
Added the "With what demeanor do you speak with others?" attitude, allowing the choice of bratty, meek, or neutral automatic speech during scenes. The bratty option is disabled if submissiveness grows too high, and the meek option is disabled if submissiveness falls too low.
The current grade for each class will now be shown at the start of said class. Thanks to FireHarpy.
Added "School term finishes today" to the sidebar if its the last day of school for the season. Thanks to Xao.
Added an antique to the landfill.
When the player becomes aware of details of their pregnancy, the potential fathers not matching the type of fetus(es) are removed. Thanks to Trinidad.
Added variety to wolves other than the black wolf. They won't all be described as "enormous". Thanks to Trinidad.
You can now masturbate in empty classrooms while school is not in session. You have a chance to get caught, with one of three scenes depending on time of day. Written by Kinky_One and coded by hwp.
Thanks to majou for save system improvements.
Thanks to xnzda, Lollipop Scythe, hwp, and Trinidad for code improvements.

Thanks to Kirsty for the following additions and improvements:
Overhauled the Start Menu UI, adding the option to choose between Basic (default settings), Moderate (tweaked settings, formerly Quick Start), Advanced (custom settings), and Random starts.
Feat boosts now explain exactly what they do.
Importing settings will now clearly explain what the settings are.
The gallery page now explains how to disable Tips, and, when accessed on the Start menu, explains what the Scene Viewer is and how to access it.
Some sliders now include captions for clarity.
The quick edit fetish settings now explain exactly what kinks are enabled/disabled.
NPC skin colour can now be randomised.
Tattoos can now be filtered when selecting the tattoo feat boost.
The player can now select a minimum ass-size (Slender through Cushioned).
Added hair gel to the shops, replacing the ruffle toggle that was formerly in Fetish Toggles. Purchased/stolen hair gel can be applied in the bedroom to prevent hair from being ruffled. Hair gel will need to be reapplied if the player changes their hairstyle. Thanks to Devil for the corresponding gel and hairdresser chair icons.
Added page numbers to the new hairstyle UI.
Added additional changing room dialogue based on herm rep.
Added a new property to underwear, allowing for NPCs to use less-specific terms to describe what underwear you're wearing. Dance dialogue will now refer to the player's underwear in simpler terms, i.e. "Chuck us your panties" instead of "Chuck us your classic plain panties."
Added an icon for pregnancy tests. Art courtesy of esiho.
Added icons for Robin's lemonade stand, Robin's hot chocolate stand, purchasing hot chocolate from Robin, and purchasing sweets from a service station.
Added icon for stripping on the beach. Art courtesy of esiho and Kirsty.
Added three desks and two new chairs to the furniture shop.
Equipped all players with a starting desk and chair for the bedroom.
Minor reorganising of the bedroom links.
Gave some chairs a new trait, comfy, which boosts project readiness while working on the Maths Project and English Play at your desk.
Gave armchairs arms. (Edited existing armchair icon sprite)
Added bunny succulent plant to the furniture shop. Thanks to DeadMan.
Added new icons for the scarlet and olive books when read at your desk, as well as a poster icon.
Added a gender appearance check for referring to the player's underwear as panties/undies.
Added unique relationship stat messages for Great Hawk, Black Wolf, and Whitney.
Moved Black Wolf from Persons of Interest to Primary Relationships.
Got rid of the bars for Wolf Pack Harmony/Ferocity. Made them show up as the black wolf's secondary stats instead, using percentages.
For players with tentacles disabled, added the ability to toggle on tentacles when smoking hookah as relevant.
Added a scene with Whitney while sunbathing at the beach, as well as another sunbathing event. Written Anonymous G.
Added two new random events at the beach. Written by Anonymous G.
Added library chatter lines. Written by Uchiki.
Added the pack trust relationship box to the Social page.
Moved Docks reputation to reputation section.

Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following additions and improvements:
Added a chastity event involving Whitney.
Added new chastity images for the sidebar. Small design by conhue, flat design by Lollipop Scythe.
Added alternative damage descriptions for chastity devices.
Added a scene to unlock the cage that Whitney puts on the PC.
Added a weekly scene for Whitney to replace the cage to the park.
Added the fallen divine transformation to human pregnancies.
Added alternative text to the characteristics overlay when the PC's belly size reduces certain stats.
Added small scene of Robin secretly watching you when masturbating in your orphanage bedroom.

Thanks to Cutiland for coding the following scenes:
Added a Whitney foot humiliation scene. Written by Fish Mobile.
Added an event to the town's street. Written by Anonymous G.
The PC can now buy lemonade or hot chocolate from Robin's stand. Written by Smak64.
When not a love interest and with high jealousy, Kylar may sneak into the player's room to sastify their own sexual desires. Written by Meat Glacier.
When having enough love with Alex, they will sometimes invite the player to ride a horse at the Meadow. Written by DeadMan.
When having enough prostitution fame and have accepted working at the brothel, Briar will offer the player a new type o job, more lucrative than normal, but more dangerous. Written by Dan. Thanks to Xao for help.
The PC will now be able to enter Robin's room while naked, with different results depending on love. The PC may also now ask Robin to strip while in Robin's room. Written by Zortinga, with post encounter lines by Meat Glacer.

Thanks to Trinidad for the following additions and improvements:
Adds the option to send only the damaged items to the tailor for repair.
Clothes can be sent to the tailor for repair every 7 days instead of every 30.
Separating outfits in the wardrobe don't break them anymore, now are separated and marked as split.
Broken primary parts of the outfits cost 80% of the outfit price when sending to the tailor for repair, not 100%.
Broken secondary parts of the outfits cost 20% of the outfit price when sending to the tailor for repair, not 0%.
Broken secondary part of the outfits are no longer discarded when sent to the tailor for repair

Balance Changes
Being non-consensually choked no longer increases submissiveness.

Bug Fixes
Added July as a holiday month again. Thanks to braymann.
You can no longer get double impregnated if you kiss and hold hands with someone in the same scene while silly impregnation mode is enabled. Thanks to braymann.
Flame tattoos should now be considered masculine. Thanks to netolilium.
Fixed a bug that broke the "Get Save Data" option. Thanks to majou and Cutiland.
Fix for displaying the wrong message in journal. Thanks to xao.
Fixed a broken link found in a street event. Thanks to Cutiland.
Thanks to fire2244 for a minor fix.
Fixed a save issue. Thanks to majou.
Thanks to Cutiland for typo fixes.

Thanks to Kirsty for the following fixes:
The Rainy Day Street Harassment event will no longer force the player to crossdress if the forced crossdressing toggle is disabled.
Kylar will no longer fill your womb with semen if they cum in your ass. Thanks to Cutiland for the fix.
Many typo, grammar, and link indentation fixes
Fixed inconsistencies with the Black Wolf and Great Hawk capitalisation
Fixed incorrect pronouns when dancing
Fixed incorrect pronoun for Kylar in the streaking scene
Fixed spacing issue with inline tending icons
Added a plural check to the upskirt Domus Street scene to prevent NPCs from commenting on your 'pair of thong.'
Fixes a hairstyle UI bug where "next" button was displayed in some instances when there was no next pageto go to.
Fixed a bug with covering your naked in the school pantsing scene.
Fixed a missing closing tag in the maths project.
Fixed an incorrect pronoun for Whitney.
Fixed a bug with Mickey's riding school fame quest not recognising when you don't receive a package.
Additional typo, linebreak, and indentation fixes.
Added existing icons to certain links where appropriate.
Fixed some compatibility issues with older mobile devices. Thanks to majou.
Edited the spirit mask sprite to remove the harsh black outline.
Fixed a line break issue with milking cattle.
Implemented code improvements to Whitney's social page lines. Thanks to hwp.
Fixed save descriptions lagging a passage behind. Thanks to majou.
Added back sprites for the Ruffled hair. Thanks to 3hp.
Enabled sleeves for the pink/plastic nurse dresses.
Formatting improvements.

Thanks to Trinidad for the following fixes:
Fixed buying curtains and pillows for Eden's cabin infinitely.
Fixed player not putting clothes on when saddling a steed or entering the cottage if the ear slime forced them to work exposed at the farm.
Typo in the information about lube prices at the brothel's vending machine.
Briar now charges £50 per week's rent if more than one week have passed.
Fixed statistics of products sold at the brothel.
Alex can be spied while showering in the morning only once a day.
Fixed a missing >in the Yoga Classes.
Fixed a wrong greed color in the Pound, thanks to MiscChaos.
Fixed typo in scarletNew.png and oliveNew.png icon widgets.
Jordan no longer puts player on a chastity belt when asking for a chastity cage or puts on a chastity belt if player is pregnant.
Jordan no longer tells player the chastity cage would provide protection to just the penis and the pussy.
Fixed loosing your clothes when stealing the keycard at the hospital for Mickey.
The owl plushie no longer watches you if Kylar is in prison.
Fixes time not passing when relaxing with the black dog at the cave.
The PC no longer moves "your both hands" or "your undefined" away from their penis when deepthroating themselves during masturbation.
Sydney should no longer be fertile in the temple prayer room.
Fixed various passages not passing the time indicated in the link, or indicating the wrong time.
The PC can now hire a tower guard only after Alex has informed them that staff can be hired at the pub.
Fixed a text issue found during autocunnilingus.
Winter now pays out at the museum in correct format money.
Formatting fixes.

Thanks to anonymous for the following fixes:
Fixed Whitney incorrectly referring to the PC's lack of panties when caught without a skirt.
Fixed the PC keeping their penile virginity following Robin's sex scene in the infirmary.
Fixed the option to escape prison via the spire only appearing during working hours.
Fixed the modelling fan encounter on the streets passing more time than advertised.
Using the "Kiss" action while giving a boobjob now refers to the correct target.
Fixed the PC's flirting with Kylar carrying over from previous interactions.
Beasts will no longer strip the PC's strap-on if it's already in use.
Fixed a fox encounter triggering with beasts disabled.
Fixed issues with Sydney's schedule on school days.
Re-added a Whitney scene that was somehow deleted.
Fixed a looping boar event at the lake.
Fixed a masturbation scene in the moor.
Fixed an error in the bus chikan scene.
Typo fixes.

Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes:
Fixed some arcade code that failed to reference chastity devices and strap-ons.
Added a missing pregnancy birthing addition to a particular scene.
Fixed a bug with menstruation.
Fixed a bug that hide the forest road while wearing high heels.
Fixed a bug that prevented parasitic pregnancy events triggering.
Audience may now complain about the lack of a penis bulge.
Fixed a bug that preented strap-ons creating a penis bulge.
Fixed the PC's emphasis on a penis bulge even if they don't have one.
Fixed mentions of a penis bulgoe while masturbating when the PC doesn't have one.
Fix to some skirt checks.
Fixed some underlower clothing not being removed in an office event.
Fix to a 4+ year old parasite bug when replacing new parasites with existing.
Added sperm sources count to the pregnancy statistics.
Fixed issue preventing named npc's sperm to not decay with realistic pregnancy.
Simplified one of the pregnancy formulas.


0.4.1.3
Fixed saves being incompatible with previous versions. Thanks to Trinidad and majou.
Fixed an error found when trying on clothes at a shop. Thanks to Trinidad.
Fixed a bug that made Leighton leer at Mason all the time. Thanks to hwp.
Fixed a but that prevented combat being cleaned up properly after the Whitney footjob scene. Thanks to hwp.
Fixed a combat error related to the "kissing a dick" action. Thanks to hwp.
Fixed a bug where Leighton would ALWAYS leer at Mason (aka it would take the "Leighton is attracted to Mason" option every time, which just sounds correct to me, but hey I fix bugs)
Fixed a bug where end of combat cleanup wasn't being run in the new Whitney footjob scene
Fixed a combat error relating to the "kissing a dick" action
Fixed an issue where an ear slime could force you to pick up an non-existent sextoy. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Replaced the functions from Furniture objects with normal variables. To be used in a function thats part of Furniture when required. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed a bug where the bowl in the fluid-collecting masturbation minigame could be filled already by the time the player got there. Thanks to hwp.
Thanks to Kirsty and hwp for typo fixes.

Thanks to Cutiland for the following fixes:
The PC can no longer help Robin set up their stand while naked.
Fixed a bug found during the brothel escort job.
Fixed a bug found in the alley detour scen.
Fixed some bugs with events and time.
Fixed a bug found when helping the black wolf breastfeed pups.
Code improvements.


0.4.1.4
Thanks to Greedium for a formatting fix.
Thanks to Cutiland and majou for code improvements.

Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes:
Fixed issue with changing collar colour.
Fixed incorrect npc gender check.
Fixed a text error.
Added some extra space to the bottom of masturbation to prevent it hiding the stop link.
Minor QoL change to how the sub-tabs work, clicking the one that is already shown, will close it and display the settings type description.
Fixed an old issue with the feat boosts system.
Added missing height to buttons making them look off on certain device width's.
Initial CSS re-work to make the UI more mobile friendly.
Added the Body Part Size Limits subsection to the settings menu during gameplay.
Added the missing Gameplay and Encounters randomisation settings.
Adjustments to Generic NPC Genders and Beast Genders settings.
Added the Pregnancy Type, Fertility cycles and Incomplete pregnancy content settings.

Thanks to hwp for the following fixes:
Fixed the office shredder event so that it only shreds your shirt when your shirt is untucked.
Fixed dead-ends in the office shredder event in specific cases.
Fixed spacing and missing punctuation in the office shredder event.
Fixed a broken hint in the museum.

Thanks to Cutiland for the following fixes:
Fixed an issue with time. Thanks to majou.
The lemonade stand icon should now show on all devices. Thanks to majou.
Fixed a bug found when trying to buy condoms. Thanks to majou.
Fixed the black wolf showing up in the Social overlay before being met. Thanks to majou.
Fixed a broken NPC at the chalets.
Fixed chalets that weren't properly calling an NPC.
Fixed a linkless passage in Robin's room whe exposed.
Fixed the condition that makes it possible to get naked in Robin's room.
Fixed the timer during a street exhibitionism scene.
The alley detour scene can no longer happen in an alley.
The PC can now get into Robin's room while only having stripped one piece of clothing.
Adjusted the text in one of the arcade scenes.
Fixed the lemonade stand icon that wasn't showing in some devices (thanks Majou);
Fixed a bug when trying to buy condoms (thanks Majou);
Fixed Black wolf showing up in socials before being met (thanks Majou);
Fixed NPC missing an actual descriptor at the chalets;
Fixed the chalets that weren't properly calling the NPC;
Fixed Robin's room no usable links when exposed;
Fixed the condition that make it possible to get naked in Robin's Room;
FIxed the timer at the High Public Pants Down scene.
Changed "reptionist" to receptionist;
Improved text code in one of the arcade scenes;
Made it impossible for the to the Alley Detour scene happen in an alley;
The player can now get into Robin's Room while only having stripped one piece of clothing;
Fixed an issue found when stripping in Robin's room.
A typo fix.


0.4.1.5
Reorganised the brothel show links. Thanks to Kirsty.
Added an icon for the chalets. Art courtesy of Meliodas Solaine. Coded by Kirsty.
Briar no longer explains the shows every time you try to set one up. Thanks to Kirsty.
Improved the arcade hair hockey scenes. Thanks to hwp.

Bug Fixes
Fixed typos and bugs in the arcade air hockey scenes. Thanks to hwp.
Fixed some bugs in the Robin room exhibitionism scenes. Thanks to hwp.
Fixed a missing NPC call at the chalets. Thanks to hwp.
Fixed a broken masturbation link. Thanks to Greedium.

Thanks to Cutiland for the following fixes:
Fixed an error in the journal. Thanks to Greedium.
Fixed a bug found during a street exhibitionism scene.
Fixed a bug found at the chalets.
Fixed a bug that allowed Kylar to appear in the PC's bedroom despite being in prison.
The player can now have a brothel job and show set simultaneously.
Fixed a bug found during the brothel escort job.
Fixed the links at the arcade hockey scene.

Thanks to Kirsty for the following fixes:
Fixed a display issue with the Game Settings buttons. Thanks
Fixed a missing closing in the journal and improved indentation.
Briar will no longer act like a suggested show is the first time they're hearing it, if you've suggested it before.
Fixed an error with the shibari ropes. They can now be separated into top/bottom pieces in the wardrobe, if desired.
Fixed an error when buying clothes.
Fixed a bug with the hallucination value not displaying properly in collapsed sidebar mode.
Fixed the broken condom counter.
Fixed a broken location image when taking Kylar to the bathroom after flirting with them.
Fixed compact pepper spray dots not displaying.
Changed an instance of the player referring to themself as a gentleman/lady so it matches their chosen gender appearance.
Temple initiates will no longer go missing with concerning frequency. (The Danube ritual event is no longer repeatable after the player has concluded the questline and obtained the feat)
You will no longer become too defiant to adopt a bratty demeanor.
Fixed a bug with corrupted variables on the social page.
The journal will now display text for Mickey's office task.
The player has been freed from endless Whitney footjob humiliation. Thanks to Cutiland.
Added a missing conditional to the street alley detour. Thanks to Cutiland.
Added missing indentations in school toilets.
Whitney will now refer to your panties using their simpler name.
Fixed several typos.

Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes:
Fixed issue preventing random NPC's from giving birth.
Fixed masturbation stop actions for the breast pump/stroker from displaying the wrong text.
Fixed taking NPC's kissing and handholding virginities.
Fix for unreachable dancing code when changing clothes plus additional checks to ensure it doesn't error out.


0.4.1.6
It's now possible for the PC to put their clothes on after getting naked in Robin's room. Thanks to Cutiland.
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for code improvements.

Bug Fixes
Fixed a bug that prevented brothel shows and jobs being set. Thanks to Cutiland.
Fixed some corrupted variables. Thanks to Cutiland and majou.
Fixed a couple of errors. Thanks to Greedium.
Fixed an issue with double penetration sprites. Thanks to hwp.
Reset the settings Quick Edit setting defaults when the Game Settings section is opened, allowing the 2 to re-match. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Removed an unused variable in the settings. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Minor changes to a setting section description. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed an old bug where randomised body parts would not select the last radio button. Thanks to Kirsty.
Removed duplicate Random button. Thanks to Kirsty.
Fixed a bug with working on school projects at school. Thanks to Kirsty.
Thanks to Greedium for typo fixes.


0.4.1.7
Fixed a git merge issue that prevented fixes in 0.4.1.6 being applied. Thanks to Cutiland.



0.4.0.9
Wrangled an escaped NPC in yoga class. Thanks to Cutiland.
Fixed an error found during a street event. Thanks to Cutiland.
Fixed the Danube oak challenges scenes, that were unreachable for players with old saves. Thanks to Cutiland.
Fixed a couple of options that would fail to increase foxiness where intended. Thanks to Edward.

Thanks to majou for the following fixes:
Fixed some issues with the error reporter.
Fixed a bug that prevented crop tops and cheerleader tops from exposing shoulder tattoos, and allowing bathrobes and gothic gowns to expose them when they shouldn't.
Fixed a bug that allowed the PC to ask NPCs to wear a condom with condoms disabled.
Fixed an issue with the PC's orgasms.
Fixed a bug with an ice lake event not passing time.
Fixed some issues with the canteen lunch sandwich event.
Fixed an issue with the gingham dress.
Clothes with the "cool" trait must now be visible for their effect to apply.
The crossdresser trait should now decrease anxiety stress gain when crossdressing, instead of when not crossdressing. Thanks to FadedLines.

Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes:
Fixed an issue that made Winter treat the PC as pregnantw ith parasite pregnancies.
Fixed a clothing issue.
Fixed an issue found when masturbating with sex toys.
Fixed a pregnancy oversight that prevented Bailey's intro from triggering.
More milk will be drained from the players breasts during longer lasting events.
Cleared up the message that the player hasnt milked their breasts enough, when being full is causing some pain.
Fixed the type causing a child event to not display correctly.
Prevented some invalid description from showing in the furniture shop.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following Fixes:
Fixed a pronoun issue when Bailey picks the player up from the hospital after giving birth.
fixed an NPC failing to add an extra 0 to the amount they will pay a player for wearing an apron while doing housework.
Fixed an error in some of the new wolf cave hunt events.
Fixed a time-based error with the new Fallen Angel transformation stage. Thanks to Charlie Studio.
Fixed a text error when a fox jumps out of the farm kennel.
Redid transformation repairs in versionupdate.
Fixed herm players turning back into an angel when refreshing the game.
The player will no longer clutch their stinging belly after being whipped on the butt.
Made the hospital icon follow the Geneva Conventions Act 1957
Typos.


0.4.0.8
The option to ignore the tentacle forest will no longer incorrectly advertise itself as giving awareness once awareness is too high.
Fixed the display section for the owl plushie. Thanks to Jimmy.

Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes:
Fixed issue where Dr Harper would fail to remove a Hermaphrodite Parasite from the players vagina.
Fixed issue where the pregnancy risk would default to Very Safe with the fetish mode.
Fixed an issue which would cause an error when impregnating random npc's.
Fixed a pronoun issue.
Fixed issue where children toys won't unlock for random npc children.
Sex toy issues.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following fixes:
Fixed a broken detention scene
Fixed Mickey taking an extra day to become available.
Added the missing alice band sprites for missionary, thanks to Kirsty.
Fixed an error with the Gingham Dress' accessory layer. Thanks to Akoz.
Fixed half of the Gingham Dress not showing damage.
Fixed a missing image icon showing up when the player has a hood up in combat.

Thanks to majou for the following fixes:
Fixed a bug that made clothes get stuck in storage.
Fixed a clothing save compatibility bug.
Fixed a bug that only allowed one leg lock per combat train.
It is no longer possible to make lunch for eden without skill.
The babysitting job will no longer take an hour longer than advertised.
The spa job should now unbind the PC's arms where appropriate.
Fixed an issue with tentacle descriptions.
Fixed an infinite loop found when loading saves from future versions.
Under the hood fixes.
Head-eating hoodies.


0.4.0.7
Updated the Pregnancy Generator to account for random NPCs. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Thanks majou and Jimmy for code improvements.

Bug Fixes
Returned the owl plushie to players who had been robbed of it by bugs. Thanks to Jimmy.
Fixed a save compatibility issue. Thanks to definitely_not_a_cop.
Fixed a bug that corrupted broken outfits. Thanks to majou.
Fixed an issue with event flags. Thanks to xao.
Fixed an issue with tanlines. Thanks to majou.

Thanks to Cutiland for the following fixes:
Fixed an issue with prison guard names. Thanks to Cutiland.
Fixed a bug that caused pound options to vanish.
Formatting fixes in Eden's scenes.
Fixed a bug with Eden's generation.
Fixed ab ug that prevented you from undoing your bindings at the brothel.

Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes:
Fixed an issue with skin tones.
Includes Minor mobile stats text changes.
Scene Viewer Fixes.
Fixed minor display issue with the hairdresser.
Fixed a math issue allowing a fetish pregnancy to occur when it shouldn't.
Fixed RNG and setting issues with the displaying of total sperm that can get the player pregnant.
Fixed Heat/Rut display issue in the characteristics.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following fixes:
Mobile players will now stop having their animations disabled every time they load up the game, it will only happen once more upon loading this update.
Patched a leak in the town hall's roof.
Fixed the player being able to give condoms in inappropriate situations.
Fixed a multitude of issues with using condoms in the prayer room with Sydney, and Sydney's behavior during the scene.
Fixed an issue with the sky colour of the canal location art, thanks to Akoz.
Fixed the ribbon stockings' primary colour being far too dark. Thanks to Kirsty.
Fixed an error during ultrasound scenes.
Fixed Leighton's blackmail content becoming inaccessible. Anyone affected should wait one in-game day before attempting.
Fixed community service yet again.
Fixed an error in the wraith compound event after resisting possession.
Fixed Robin going home from school too early.
Fixed the office meeting job taking twice as long as other office jobs.
Prevented players from approaching the pillory when there's less than 10 minutes left on the attendant's sentence, which was causing large errors as the NPC suddenly ceased existing as the player approached.
Fixed errors when changing into or out of dancing clothes at the dance studio.
Fixed the player's chastity vow not being broken in some situations.
Fixed an issue where approaching flats at night would have the player immediately break into them.
Fixed further issues on old saves with empty random NPC name lists, which was preventing the player from hiring a watchtower guard.
Fixed an issue with booty jorts and denim shorts where they would appear pulled down at the beginning of combat.
Fixed the wolf halloween event not properly clearing if too much time passes.
Fixed an issue with dogboys in a nighttime event on the town streets.
Fixed Robin being gone forever because the order of day and week ending calculations were carelessly swapped.
Fixed an error when given clothes by Mason that always describes the granted clothes as "swim shorts".
Fixed an error that occurs if midnight passes while in the tentacle forest.
Fixed a missing image error when wearing hightop trainers.
Fixed many cases of text overlapping combat images when the player is forced to swallow cum, willingly swallows cum, or spits out cum, when at a gloryhole, stuck in a wall or pillory, or with Sydney.
Fixed a softlock that occurs after being caught by a pursuer when escaping the pillory with Robin in tow.
Corrected transformation tails to be behind wings. Will add an option to let players select layer (like hair) later if there's demand for it.
Added an event that was unfinished and causing errors in the flats.
Removed pilk.
Typo fixes.


0.4.0.6
Added masturbation to the strip club shower.
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe and majou for code improvements.

Bug Fixes
Fixed regression bug not resetting community service correctly. Thanks to xao.
Fixed an error caused by having eggs in older saves. Thanks to xao.
Attending lessons after missing lessons now reduce total number of missed lessons, properly preventing getting reported to the police. Thanks to xao.
Fixed an error in the gnawing event. Thanks to Cutiland.
Fixed an issue that makes Robin trick-or-treating and bath at the same time. Thanks to Cutiland.
Fixed an issue with child toys. Thanks to Jimmy.
Lost Jimmy's brain.

Thanks to Golden Skullky for the following fixes:
Added a check on load that makes sure the outfitPrimary and outfitSecondary values are valid.
Fixed a bug with temple daily events. Thanks to majou.
Filled the empty crate carried to Sirris during a dilapidated shop event.
Fixed a pronoun issue in the hookah parlour.
Fixed an error found when playing with pups.
Typo fixes.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following fixes:
Fixed students in the locker room being unaware of your genitals after commenting on your genitals.
Fixed pronoun and display errors with the meadow fox.
Fixed an error at the wolf cave when pregnant with wolves.
Fixed broken TF objects for saves that loaded into a nightmare or the prayer room.
Fixed a dead passage when passing out in the tentacle forest.
Disabled rescue during a gangbang event that had no rescue condition.
Fixed named NPCs lacking a type on extremely old saves. This fixes errors such as undefined penetration images.
Fixed a day state check that should have been reversed.
Fixed several errors at the wolf cave in new black wolf scenes.
Fixed a line break error in one of the pregnancy hospital birth scenes.
The player will now have stress reduced after giving birth to prevent immediate passouts upon returning home.
The player may now leave without doing anything when they find condoms in lockers.
Some NPCs will no longer do especially out-of-character things with condoms after ejaculating.
Fixed an issue with the fox feat.
Fixed Eden failing to keep track of how long the player is gone.
Fixed an issue with the sprite for coughing up semen. It now no longer shows up if the player is wearing a mask, and no longer layers under clothing or the player's hair.
Attempted to make neck items play nice with hoodies while hoods are up. Might need more work in the future.
Fixed the player being unable to remove condoms from NPCs.
Fixed a dead passage at the end of the yoga class orgy.
Fixed no cum displaying on the anal xray sprite when knotted.
Fixes an error found when picking up more then 5 squids.
Fixes NPCs using the player's penis description in condom ejaculation lines.

Thanks to Crimson Tide for the following fixes:
Adds impregnation fame to the requirements for the Shining Reputation feat.
Ensures there's only one air bar during combat if the player is being choked by two or more NPCs at once.
Fixes a softlock in a dog encounter in the streets.
Adds the ability to say you forget where you met Sydney, fixing a rare softlock.
The player no longer drinks at the Halloween lake party if they're knowingly pregnant.
Typo fixes.

Thanks to majou for the following fixes:
Fixed a bug that greyed out the "Enable numbered link navigation (?)" option.
Fixed an issue that prevented Whitney appearing in the park when intended.
Fixed an issue with renamed clothes breaking the shop.
Fixed an issue with the clothes updater.
Fixed an issue with time at school.
Typo fixes.


0.4.0.5
A couple of black wolf scenes now change if the PC has previously had pups with the black wolf. Thanks to Cutiland and Kirsty, with code by Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed a bug that prevented babies from inheriting NPC skin tone. Thanks to majou.
Fixed a bug with outfits. Thanks to majou.
Fixed a bug that caused NPCs to admire the wrong bodyparts. Thanks to majou.
Fixed a bug with NPCs sharing the PC's bed. Thanks to majou.
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe, Jimmy, and Cutiland for code improvements.
Typo fixes.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following additions and improvements:
Added a ponytail mask property to some head items to allow for a different mask with some larger hairstyles.
Added new masks and secondary ponytail masks for the racing helmet, riding helmet, football helmet, cat hat, cap, beanie, and baseball hat, thanks to Kirsty.
Updated the chef hat icon, umbrella hat, and many masks for head items, thanks to Kirsty.
Resprited the lace choker, lace panties and lace bra, thanks to Akoz
Added location art for the canal, thanks to Kirsty.

Bug Fixes
Fixed an error found when buying contact lenses. Thanks to Jimmy.
Fixed condom errors. Thanks to Jimmy.
Fixed Kylar not be re-initialised during combat in two passages. Thanks to Jimmy and Cutiland.
Thanks to Golden Skullky for typo fixes.

Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes.
Added check to add .parasiteBook and .parasiteDoctorEvents to $pregnancyStats when they are undefined, from updating to 0.4.0.0 to 0.4.0.4 with a value of 0.
Fixed issue with pills.lastTaken due to it being checked against specific locations in the game.
Adjusted how it tracks when heat should still occur when the player is pregnant or not. This will allow it to continue into pregnancy, but not restart during pregnancy.
Fixed issues with the math of playerPregnancyRisk(), as it was using the later in the month formula too early.
Fixed an issue with the players pregnancy setting the menstruation.currentDay to 0.5 when it shouldn't have, stopping the player from being in heat when they still should be.
Typo fixes.

Thanks to Crimson Tide for the following fixes:
Fixed an issue with collars being duplicated when attaching or removing a leash in the wardrobe.
Updates the seed count needed for the "Seedy" feat to 17.
Fixes the police bapping you for not doing community service on the day it's assigned to you.
Corralled some escaped NPCs.
Fixed some ejaculation text not conveying the writer's intentions.
Fixed plantpeople becoming plants during ejaculation.
Fixed a message about putting on clothes from appearing in the pool.
Fixed a dog scene putting the player into a handjob even when their arms are bound.
Made it possible to adjust fame through the cheat menu even when wearing a mask.
You now correctly gain rape fame from the Robin landfill event.
Removed duplicate clothing items after sleeping with Kylar.
Text formatting fixes.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following fixes:
The "Green Thumb" feat boost now properly starts the player with 1 fertiliser again.
Fixed the player's semen being so powerful that it would fill every beast or beastperson in an encounter at the same time.
Fixed <> not displaying line breaks when statdisable is true.
Fixed text overlap issues with combined vore and tentacle encounters.
Fixed an error in the sea pair event that prevented bodyparts from being reset.
Fixed Fringe colour being absent from the character viewer.
Fixed the tan value bar in the character viewer not working.
The player will no longer tug on a non-existent leash when their water breaks in Eden's cabin.
A flats event now takes the player's mask into account.
Added a failsafe condition for a forest wolf encounter to prevent dead passages in edge cases.
Typo fixes.


0.4.0.4
Added the option to masturbate in the brothel shower. Thanks to Golden Skullky.
Minor rebalance of the pregnancy fame limit. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Added a note about being able to get a breast pump from the pharmacy if the player has breast pain from being full. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Thanks to majou and Jimmy for code improvements.

Bug Fixes
Fixed an issue with the flats door icons on certain systems. Thanks to LewdNeko.
Fixed a crash found when dying hair two-tone during Sydney's hairdresser event. Thanks to KiraaCorsac.
Fixed an issue with Whitney's presence in the park. Thanks to majou.
Fixed an issue with condoms. Thanks to majou.
Fixed an issue with school stats displaying wrong weekly progress. Thanks to xao.
Fixed an issue with an stuck-in-wall scene. Thanks to xao.
Fixed an error with the olive book and time. Thanks to Golden Skullky.

Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes:
Fixed a typo that caused playerEndWaterProgress() and pregnancyPregress() to run when it shouldn't.
Prevented <<gstress>> from being displayed twice in an Eden ejaculation line.
Adjusted the masturbation effects so that the player is aware they are leaking milk.
Fixed exposedcheck() not running during combat.
Updated <<addConsumableCosmetics>> to stop it from using deprecated code.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following fixes:
Fixed an issue with the game trying to make the player wear plant clothes after taking certain actions at the lake.
Fixed the player being able to take the "ejacswallow" action below promiscuity 5.
Fixed a pronoun issue when Sydney plays as Cass in the school play.
Fixed an incorrect link when possessed by the Wraith.
The Wraith should no longer be able to use condoms.
The player can no longer accept Avery's wine when knowingly pregnant.
Fixed an issue with persistent NPC names on older saves.
Fixed an error when taking yoga classes.
Fixed an issue when trying to rescue Robin from the pillory, as well as adding a Robin pillory debug event, thanks to Skullky.
Fixed a sprite that failed to display when double penetrated while one of the penises was size 1.
Fixed a missing image error for vaginal missionary sex when double penetrated.
Fixed an error that could cause the fox TF to reset.
Typo fixes.


0.4.0.3
Added pregnant interactions between the black wolf and PC. Written by Necro and coded by Cutiland.
Added the pups den to the wolf cave. Written by Kirsty and coded by Cutiland.
Added a pup event. Written by Kirsty and coded by Cutiland.
Added pup icons. Art courtesy of Kirsty, and coded by Cutiland.
Fixed an issue with rng. Thanks to majou.
Fixed an issue with feat boosts. Thanks to majou.
Fixed an issue with prison variables. Thanks to majou.
Fixed visilbity of fish tank icon in the PC's bedroom. Thanks to LewdNeko.
Fixed an issue with low ombre two-tone hair on long hair. Thanks to KiraaCorsac.
Fixed a bug causing back bodywriting visibility to be inverted. Thanks to correcthorse666.
Fixed a bug that caused collars to duplicate when adding/removing leashes in the wardrobe. Thanks to correcthorse666.
Thanks to Jimmy for code improvements.

Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes:
Fixed an issue with the random number generator.
Fixed an issue with NPC totalBirthEvents not increasing.
Fixed an issue found when NPCs learn about the PC's pregnancy.
Fixed an issue with pregnancy stats.
Fixed forever pregnancy issue.
Fixed an issue with morning after pills.
Fixed some issues with time.
Fixed a milk money exploit.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following fixes:
Made the school pool's location art follow the game's resolution rules. Thanks to KG.
Added some new Vrelcoin icons, by Kirsty.
Added missing breast size sprites to the winter jacket, thanks to MinerDX.
Fixed a layering issue with the angel halo and some hats.
Remy now has different dialogue when the player escapes the underground farm by giving birth. The events themselves are unchanged.
Fixed a cascading NPC generation failure at the office.
Fixed a hilarious player description issue at the new lowest genital/gender appearance setting.

Thanks to Cutiland for the following fixes:
Fixed the passages when giving birth inside the Wolf Cave.
Fixed a bug found during Robin's bath scene.
Fixed a clothing issue found when having sex with Robin in your room.
Changed the conditions of the Pants Down scene so it only occurs during day.
Fixed the Daisy item that was described as for boys.
Fixed a Robin pronoun issue when they're with a baby.
Fixed a Whitney issue found when pregnant.

Thanks to Jimmy for the following fixes:
Removed backcomp code for attempts to correct time variables.
Corrected AMPM format of time at midnight and noon.
Updated z-index of the front bestial sprite layer so they appear in front of transformation parts.
Fixed an issue with mimicry.
Fixed an issue with fox and board sprites.
Fixed another issue with the fox sprite.


0.4.0.2
The PC now needs to take the morning after pill within 4 days following impregnation, down from 10. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed an issue with pill backwards compatibility. Thanks to Jimmy.
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for code improvements.

Thanks to majou for the following fixes:
Fixed a bug with rutting.
Fixed an issue with the character viewer and new hairstyles.
Fixed an issue with Eden.
Fixed and issue with skin.
Fixed a bug that crowded the maternity ward.
Fixed a stray link in the flats.
Fixed a bug that caused Bailey to spew errors when collecting rent.
Fixed a bug that prevented the raiding of lockers.
Fixed innappropriate references to the player's delinquency when screaming for help in combat.
Fixed an issue with a very old event, and time.
Fixed a bug that made school close early.
Fixed a bug that allowed the PC to visit the cinema with Robin more than once a day.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following fixes:
Turned options.debugdisble back off by default.
Made the housekeeping failure message on Danube street more clear to communicate to the player that no jobs can be taken on danube street until their housekeeping skill is high enough.
Fixed a description error for someone that was worried about Robin on Christmas.
The forest snake nest event will now properly account for vore being disabled.
Typo fixes.

Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes:
Fixed an issue with the cheat Clear current pregnancy which did not reset the players menstruation cycle and when taking the after morning pill.
Fixed issue when a sextoy without a colour is used while masturbating.
Hidden some pregnancy extra stats as they were spoiling too much.
Added the pregnancyAvoidance value to beast generator.


0.4.0.1
Added a variation for encouraging other residents of the orphanage to engage in prostitution while the player has a visible pregnant belly. Thanks to Stale Sandwich.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following bug fixes:
Fixed a text output error when going into labour at the underground farm.
Fixed Bailey being mindbroken and spewing utter nonsense garbage to the player when they return to the orphanage from the hospital after giving birth.
Fixed an incorrect awareness check in an english class event.
Fixed an error when entering Robin's room.
Fixed Kylar being so upset upon searching the player for bodywriting and not finding any that they throw an error.
Fixed Whitney getting too excited and throwing an error while molesting the player in the pub.
Fixed a cascading error in the new fox event.
Typo fixes.


0.4.0.0
Added human and wolf pregnancy. Huge thanks to Lollipop Scythe for coding the framework, and to PurityGuy for further work. Wolf pregnancy and cave scenes written by Burnt Toast.
Added the housekeeping skill.
The "Maid" clothing trait now boosts the housekeeping skill.
Added the flats area to Barb Street.
Added the mayor's office to Cliff Street.
Added a new school project; a stage play. Always starts in November. Written by Burnt Toast, with additions by Kami, Conhue, and PurityGuy. Coded by PurityGuy.
Added the ability to dye your hair with two tones, in four different styles. Thanks to KiraaCorsac.
Added yoga lessons to the dance studio on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays. Written by Kinky_One, with pregnancy variant scenes written by Kirsty. Coded by Cutiland.
Added a button to immediately export on non-mobile browsers.
Added carnations, which the PC can grow with tending. Icon courtesy of Kirsty.
Added save compression using a custom algorithm, reducing save file size. Thanks to aimozg.
Cum, slime, and nectar will now display on the sidebar sprite when covering the face, neck, chest, arms, tummy, thighs. Art courtesy of Anon5261, and coded by Höst.
Added an event to the coastal seas.
Added new pig and boar combat sprites. Art courtesy of anon and sseshess. Coded by Jimmy.
Improved NPC penis encounter sprites, giving them heads, and adding variants for darker skin tones. Also added darker skin tone variants for double penetration close-ups and x-rays, accounting for when the two npcs have different skin colors. Art courtesy of Ruby and Kodi, and coded by PurityGuy and braymann.
Added a hypnosis toggle to Settings.
Added the bunny headband, ribbon stockings, lace nightgown, and pencil skirt to the clothing shop. Art courtesy of Beta.
Added the daisy headwear to the forest shop, unlocked by finding daisy seeds. Art courtesy of Beta.
Added the "double twintails" and "Side thicktail" sides hairstyles, and the "framed", "blunt sidelocks" and "ruffled" fringe hairstyles. Art courtesy of Beta.
Added a second tier to the fallen angel transformation, attained by maintaining 90%+ purity for 30 days, gaining new wings and preventing the demon transformation. The PC hits max stress at 0 purity instead. Thanks to Charlie Studio.
Added a new random watersports street encounter where someone offers money to watch you pee. Written by Kinky_One, and coded by Charlie Studio.
Added a minor scene to the cafe waiter job. Written by Meat Glacier and coded by Charlie Studio.
Dogs and wolves can now orally knot the PC. Written by Meat Glacier and coded by braymann.
Adds a scene for the player walking in on Robin bathing, as well as Robin walking in on the player bathing. Written by Robin's Exclusive, with adjustments and coding by Crimson Tide.
Adjusted talk of Robin's trauma to specify if you're talking about something recent or something that happened a while ago. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Added unique confront lines for the Ivory Wraith in stalking encounters. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Added unique text for the Moan action when the PC is stuck in a gloryhole. Thanks to larsrand.
Added variety to English class. Thanks to bsin.
Added a watersports scene to Alex's farm. Written by Yesenn, and coded by anonymous.
Added a toggle to enable/disable ruffleable hair.
Added blackberries.
Added a preview mannequin to the hairdresser. Thanks to Ybyx.
Added eyebrows to the hairdresser. Thanks to Ybyx.
Added a couple of events to English class. Thanks to bsin.
Added cheats for manipulating the PC's pregnancy cycle. Thanks to Trinidad.
Thanks to Trinidad for other pregnancy improvements.
Added the option to streak from the park toilets during the day. Requires level 5 exhibitionism. Written by Zortinga, and coded by xao.
Added sorting and an outfit filter to the clothing shop. Thanks to definitely_not_a_cop.
Adds unique lines for NPCs examining certain items at the market. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Added cheats to impregnate the PC. Thanks to Trinidad.
Added esoteric spectacles to the forest shop.
Added the option to attempt to rescue NPCs locked in the pillory. Thanks to bsin.
Added the option to restore the clothes of NPCs locked in the pillory. Thanks to bsin.
Added two events to the school hallways. Thanks to bsin.
Added an event to the market. Thanks to bsin.
Added a Whitney event. Written by Poob, coded by Lollipop Scythe, with proofreading help from Kirsty.
Added lines for Harper taking the player's virginities. Written by Meat Glacier and coded by PurityGuy.
Added a new orphanage front door icon. Thanks to Conhue.
Added icons for the forest road. Art courtesy of Uchiki and Conhue.
Added an icon for the town hall. Art courtesy of Conhue.
The state of the most recent save is now highlighted in green. Thanks to majou.
The winter jacket can now be recoloured. Thanks to MinerDX and anonymous.
Added belly dancer shoes to the forest shop. Thanks to MinerDX and anonymous.
Thanks to Mona for breast feeding, cuddling, talking, and playing baby scenes.
Thanks to Kami for bathing baby scenes.
Added more hitchhiking events to the road outside town. Written by Mona, and coded by xao.
Added morning after pill scenes. Thanks to Trinidad.
Added several follow-up challenges to the Danube Street Exhibitionist scene. Coded by 
Added a few tips. Thanks to Ybyx.
Added sidecut sides/fringe and drill ringlets sides/fringe hairstyles. Art courtesy of Mochi, and coded by Crimson Tide.
Added space buns sides hairstyle, front braids fringe hairstyle, and fluffy ponytail sides hairstyle. Art courtesy of 3hp, and coded by Crimson Tide.
Added the "Majordomo", "Down Below", "Bridging the Past", "Safe Trail", "Field Work", "Concrete Woodland", "School Green", "Hookah Master", "Sins of the Past", "Panic Room", and "Lurker Beyond" feats.
Added combat images for the shibari ropes clothing item. Art courtesy of 3hp, and coded by Crimson Tide.
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe, anon, TonyFox, ParAsite, hwp, Burnt Toast, braymann, shikiyoku, Crimson Tide, Ybyx, Golden Skullky, Trinidad, KiraaCorsac, majou, and PurityGuy for code improvements.
Thanks to PurityGuy, Golden Skullky, aimozg, anonymous, hwp, bsin, and Lollipop Scythe for performance improvements.
Thanks to ParAsite for writing ultrasound scenes.
Thanks to xao for overhauling time.

Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following additions and improvements:
Added human and wolf pregnancy.
Coded birth scenes for the hospital.
Coded birth scenes for the wolf cave. Written by burnt toast.
Added condoms.
Tentacles, swarms, and struggle creatures can now be hosted in the vagina.
Added anti-parasite cream that prevents new parasitic pregnancies, but doesn't affect existing ones.
Added pregnancy stats to the Extra Statistics overlay.
Improved the UI for new feats, allowing three to be displayed at once, with additional feats still indicated. Clicking on each feat will hide it, and display another if applicable.
When changes to settings would disable feats, the player is now warned of which settings in particular are involved.
Added a warning when downgrading furniture.
The sidebar sprite will no longer show penis bulges unless they are visible to NPCs.
UI adjustments.
Added several feats, most related to pregnancy.
Numerous improvements to the character viewer.
The controls in the Options overlay are now more broken up, to prevent it from being merged into an unusable mess of text and controls on smaller screen sizes.
Added a warning to the Saves overlay about how saves could be deleted.
Prevented some combat controls UI from being on top of the sidebar.
Adjusted the Radio Buttons (In Columns) css, so when used on smaller screen sizes, the controls don't overlap over each other.
Wolf and cat PCs can now go into heat and rut. Cow PCs can go into heat.
Growling will have a different effect when in heat.
Added tooltips to the mobile stats.
Adjusted the existing parasite pregnancy traits and added some for normal pregnancy.
Added a breast pump, usable during masturbation, allowing the collection of breast milk. Icon by MinerDx.
Remy will now comment on the PC's micro penis.
Added several default combat options to the attitudes.
Added the "Play with your anus" masturbation option during combat.
Added an alternative option for the Residential Meow event when the player is in Heat or Rut.
Added several scenes relating to the black wolf and pregnancy, written by Burnt Toast and edited by Lollipop scythe.
Wolf Cave player pregnancy Stockholm and other adjustments.
Reworked chastity system, allowing herms to wear chastity cages.
Added the baby bottle to the journal.
Bailey will charge the PC extra if they need to intervene in a baby's care. This can be prevented by interacting with all children at the orphanage once per day for 6 out of 7 days, or by storing enough breast milk.
Prevented the player from drinking ale at the cafe while knowingly pregnant.
Added more cheat options for changing the transformation build
Added the Total days being pregnant, 'Total days being pregnant' and 'Total days knowingly being pregnant' stat.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following additions and improvements:
Added visual representation of pregnancy to the sidebar sprite, as well as doggy and missionary encounter sprites. Art courtesy of Golden Skullky. Thanks to Jimmy for help.
Many clothes will split in the middle once the belly gets too big.
Added the fox transformation, which increases attractiveness and allure more than other TFs, grants a skulduggery boost, and adds the "mate for life" trait. Sidebar and combat art made in collaboration with Timko.
Added the fox transformation to the cheat menu, stats menu, and character viewer.
Added foxes to the forest.
Added harvestable eggs to the forest.
Added traits to generated foxes, which determine their behaviour. They can be clever, friendly, clumsy, cowardly, or territorial.
Added NPC skills to foxes.
Added foxperson silhouettes.
Replaced the fox beast sprites with the ones from World Expansion (with permission from the mod authors), with some improvements by sseshess.
Updated the meadow fox event. Note than any save in the middle of the event will get an error!
Numerous improvements to human pregnancy functionality.
Added a framework for impregnation fame, distinct from pregnancy fame. Includes bodywriting.
Added a few pregnancy bodywriting objects.
Added a condom system.
Added condoms to the UI, appearing above pepper spray.
Added a pregnancy event to the bus.
Added three pregnancy events involving the clergy, and their rivals. Written in collaboration with Charming.
Added a pregnancy event to the school hallways. Written by Burnt Toast.
Added a pregnancy event to the beach. Written by Burnt Toast.
Added a pregnancy event to the cafe. Written by Burnt Toast.
Added a condom slider to settings.
Condoms can be defective, and Kylar can sabotage them. Generic NPCs may also bring their own sabotaged condoms.
Added an early-game event to Science class involving condoms.
NPCs can now attempt to stop the PC putting on or removing a condom.
The PC can now attempt to remove NPC condoms forcefully.
The PC can now ask NPCs to pull out and finish outside. Some NPCs may pull out without being asked.
The PC can now attempt to pull out when penetrating an NPC. NPCs may respond by leg-locking.
Added toggles for fertility cycles/heat/rut, and realistic vs fetishised pregnancy.
Added the base of the orphanage nursery.
Added pregnancy combat and audience dialogue. Written in collaboration wiht Fangi and Kealoz.
Overhauled x-ray sprites. They will now show differences in colour for both human NPCs and tentacles, as well as differences in size. Different beast types also have different looking penises in xray sprites, including unique sprites for thinner and pointier beast penises, spiral penises for pigs and boars, and a much more defined knot for dogs and wolves. Sprites mostly by Ruby, with some by PurityGuy.
NPC skin colour will now match in the sprites for being penetrated by the player.
Added condom sprites for all PC and NPC penis positions.
Added new location art for the orphanage. Art by Conhue.
The town's residents now drive on the correct side of the road. The other side of the road has been cleared of sand. Thanks to Golden Skullky.
The town's residents no longer park on the curb during winter. Thanks to Golden Skullky.
The wraith now has an appropriate skin colour.
Named NPC skin coulour can now be chosen in Settings.
Improved the Settings, Options, and character creation UI.
Redesigned Tanktop and an icon for Kylar's Manor, thanks to MinerDx
Complete redo of the Witch set, including icons, by MinerDx.
Redesigned location art for the Temple, Asylum, Underground, Remy's Farm, and the Underground Farm, thanks to Conhue.
Loft icon. Thanks to esiho.
Some more Vrelcoin variant icons, and a black variant for the cow TF tail. Thanks to Hexie.
Unique location art for the dog pound, thanks to Yari.
Winter variants for Kylar's manor, by Yari.
"Traditional" Angel and Fallen Angel Halo alternate appearance, by Stale Sandwich.
The Large Towel now has combat sprites and no longer appears as a dress. Thanks to 3hp.
Added a virgin killer sweater. Available in the normal and adult shops. Includes combat sprites. Thanks to 3hp.
Improved Shibari rope set. Thanks to 3hp.
Added a futuristic bodysuit costume, thanks to Gooseboy. Available from the 21st of October. Icon and Halloween Interactions included.
Added combat sprites for the gold choker and cloth choker. Thanks to birb.
Fixed the open shoulder croptop. Thanks to birb.
Added combat sprites for the cow bikini and cow panties. Thanks to Mist.
Added wide flaps combat sprites, thanks to Myoran.
New Surgical Mask combat sprites, thanks to Cher.
The Witch Shoes may now be coloured.
Fixed sprite issues on the school shorts, school skirt, long school skirt, short school shirt, and school trousers. Thanks to KG.
Added an additional option to the nude gender appearance slider. The new lowest option now disables crossdressing warnings (but not crossdressing itself), and overrides the player's description in the characteristic's menu.
Added leglock action for the PC. NPCs can be leglocked when the PC is anally or vaginally penetrated. Leglocking prevents the NPC from pulling out. Leglocking in consensual encounters is a Promiscuity 3 action, while leglocking rapists is Promiscuity 6.
The PC can leglock an NPC mid-orgasm. NPCs can never escape a leg lock when the player is mid-orgasm. Increases the chance of knotting.
Added the "Hold still" and "Curl toes" leg actions during orgasm in normal encounters.
Added speech lines for leglocked NPCs.
Added audience lines for leglocking both humans and beasts, thanks to Crimson Tide.
Cleaned up and finished indications for condoms breaking, for both the player and NPCs. NPCs still need dialogue for reacting to theirs or the player's condoms breaking, and all NPCs still need ejaculation lines for condoms.
Asking NPCs to "not put anything in your x" is now called "ask them to pull out immediately" if the part in question is already penetrated or penetrating.
Adjusted promiscuity/deviancy combat text.
Added a warning for the day of the Maths competition.
Added the "Rich Hearts" feat.
Added traits to clothes that determine whether they partially hide pregnant bellies. The PC's belly will be visually hidden. Included trait icons.
Added trait icons for the "bellyShow" and "bellyHide" traits.
Adjusted generic condom ejaculation placeholder lines, including variation for the cum dump trait. Written by Meat Glacier.
Enabled the "wedding ring" variation of the temple pregnancy belly scene if the player is promised.
Made pregnant belly combat sprites passable with some overlays and adjustments.
Pubic bodywriting will change slightly in combat sprites past a certain belly size.
Added several variations to seasonal events to mention the player's pregnancy, as well as adding some new ones. Thanks to Kirsty.
Added an indication in the characteristics menu that the player can get an ultrasound at the hospital.
Added new sprites for beast versions of dogs, wolves, and the black wolf. Thanks to anon.
The slut shirt is now colourable, and has breast size sprites. Thanks to Kirsty.
Redesigned the Witch Hat and Beanie. Thanks to Kirsty and MinerDx.
Added combat sprites for the esoteric glasses, ribbon stockings, bunband, and daisy. Thanks to Kirsty.
Split the cat ears into a front and back layer to make them play nicer with some hair styles in combat. Thanks to Kirsty.
Made the PC ponder who the father of their child is upon finding out they're pregnant.
Added a case for wolf pregnancy in the ultrasound scenes.
Ultrasound scene improvements.
Added scenes for the instance of Bailey introducing the PC to their kids if they were the father, or they were the mother and gave birth during a bad end.
Added pregnancy water breakage and passout scenes for the Forest and Eden's cabin, thanks to Necro.
Added pregnancy water breakage and passout scenes for the Great Hawk's tower and Underwater Prison.
New sewer icon, as well as an icon for the coastal path, thanks to Kirsty.
Added a blackberry sprite. Thanks to Kirsty.
Added waters breaking/passout scenes to the underground farm, underground brothel, pound, and asylum, thanks to Necro.
Added waters breaking/passout scenes to the prison, thanks to Inky.
Added waters breaking/passout scenes to the tentacle plains, tentacle forest, and hookah parlor.
Added birthing scenes for the asylum and prison.
Moved the "flaunting" option for the demon tf to the mirror and simplified the requirements.
Added some variations to the farm intro for pregnant players. Thanks to Fishy.
Added some tips relating to pregnancy.
Lots of code improvements.
Thanks to Crimson Tide for general help.

Thanks to Kirsty for the following additions and improvements:
Added additional flavour text for the coastal path, depending on weather and time, and a message to indicate that players will not be able to run or jog when it's raining or snowing.
Added extra line of dialogue to Kylar's Loft scene, if the PC has cleaned the pepper lab in Kylar's mansion before.
Adjusted the hair combat sprites.
Added icons for the flat doors.
Added missionary sex sprites for the ankle cuffs. Coded by anon.
Added combat sprites for all face and headwear. Coded by anonymous.
Added a combat sprite for the ball and chain. Coded by anonymous.
All sunglasses clothing items can now be recoloured. Coded by anonymous.
Certain hairstyles should no longer clip with headwear. Coded by anonymous.
Updated the shop icons for the glasses and cat eye shades. Coded by anonymous.
Updated the sidebar sprites of the chef hat, kitty ears, and Christmas hat. Coded by anonymous.
Added damage variant sprites for the skulduggery mask and belly dancer's veil. Coded by anonymous.
Added shaved sides, buzzcut and mohawk fringe styles, including combat sprites. Coded by anon.
Gave short sides their own combat sprites. Art courtesy of Kirsty. Coded by anon.
Closed a gap in the Ruffled sides hair style.
Added crib, blocks, and baby bottle icons.
Added exam table, hospital bed, and IV bag props.
Added trait icons for maternity clothes and clothes that are too restrictive to wear during pregnancy.

Thanks to Cutiland for coding the following scenes:
Added an event to Domus Street. Written by Charming.
Kylar can now sneak into the PC's bedroom. Written by Handsomepaesant.
Kylar might now try to bathe with you to wash off bodywriting they dislike. Written by Mewsic Box.
Added a variant to one of Whitney's alley events. Written by Meat Glacier.
Added a scene with the black wolf, where they and the PC have a moment together in the forest. Written by YetAnotherUser.
Added a scene with Alex, and a lewd magazine. Written by DeadMan.
Added a voyeur scene to the orphanage garden. Thanks to Uchiki.
Added a Whitney scene to the town's streets. Written by Zortinga, with help from Kirsty.


Balance Changes
Losing your virginity to Sydney during or after the Rite of Promise no longer reduces purity. Thanks to correcthorse666.
Getting drugged and passing out at the office building no longer counts as passing out due to stress. Skulduggerous PCs will also be given a warning when offered the drink. Thanks to anonymous.
Tentacles now take two turns to fully restrain a limb, instead of being able to do so immediately. Thanks to anonymous.
Rebalanced the Bailey fame task. Thanks to anonymous and Crimson Tide.
Adjusted the penis bulge calculations. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
The PC can now find condoms when breaking into school lockers. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Renamed the "full body leotard" to "unitard".
Watersports is now disabled by default. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Boars will now be included in special pig interactions. Thanks to Sable.
Kylar's locker bullying scene is no longer restricted to low love. It is still much more rare at high love, though, being a 10% chance instead of a 50% chance like at low love. Thanks to PurityGuy.
The winter jacket is now gender neutral, rather than masculine. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Being penetrated by a beast or monster now has the same minimum impact as humans. Thanks to Ybyx.
Normalised the trauma gained in human and beast/monster encounters when losing vaginal virginity. Thanks to Ybyx.
Rebalanced struggle encounters. Hand order no longer matters, and allowing grasps to receieve the same bonus as strengthen. Thanks to Ybyx.
Odd jobs on Danube Street now require D+ housekeeping skill, and pay more.
Reduced the chance of being kidnapped while hitchhiking. Thanks to xao.
Reduced the amount of semen ejaculated when the PC has micro penis.
Large breasts now cap the lower end of pain when full of milk for too long. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Added the "mate for life" trait to the bird/harpy transformation. Thanks to PurityGuy.

Bug Fixes
Big thanks to Lollipop Scythe, PurityGuy, and Crimson Tide for numerous fixes to new content during development.
Fixed the "help me export" button. Thanks to Jimmy.
Fixed the ironman exporter button. Thanks to Jimmy.
Wrangled an escaped boar in the forest.
Fixed an ironman bug. Thanks to Jimmy.
Fixed the large bear plushie in the orphanage using the wrong flavour text. Thanks to stale sandwich and anon.
Fixed a bug that caused the x-ray skin colour of all penetrating NPCs to match the first when cumming.
Fixed a bug with parasitic pregnancy. Thanks to shinywing.
Fixed a bug that prevented a couple of outcomes when pilfering the school infirmary. Thanks to shinywing.
Fixed an issue with Whitney's pub event. Thanks to shinywing.
Corrected some links that failed to pass time like advertised.
Cats in the school toilets will no longer try to teleport you into the middle of the town. Thanks to braymann.
Fixed a small typo in the moor wraith code. Thanks to braymann.
Great Hawk should no longer try to hunt you down again immediately after you get Stockholm and leave the tower. Thanks to braymann.
You can now use the stroker properly during masturbation. Thanks to braymann.
Fixed a small bug with milking cows on alex's farm. Thanks to braymann.
The player can no longer undress someone through a gloryhole. Thanks to larsrand.
The player can no longer stroke someone through a gloryhole. Thanks to larsrand.
The player can no longer see the other person undressing their chest through a gloryhole, but they can hear something. Thanks to larsrand.
The player can no longer ask things that are not possible through a gloryhole: "ask to choke you", "ask not choke you", and "ask to leave your top on". Thanks to larsrand.
Adjusted the stockings, making them transparent. Thanks to Akoz.
Fixed an issue with halo layering.
Fixed a bug that could keep Whitney and Leighton in the pillory for longer than intended. Thanks to hwp.
NPCs will no longer comment on masturbation they cannot see at a gloryhole. Thanks to larsrand.
Fixed a bug that prevented some gloryhole speech from triggering. Thanks to larsrand.
Fixed an issue with struggle encounters. Thanks to erbadeer.
Fixed a bug that introduced Quinn at the cafe opening event as if they and the PC had already met.
Thanks to HeepSelk for fixing a pregnancy bug.
Fixed a bug that prevented PCs without a penis being properly bukkaked during the bukakke brothel show. Thanks to slenderostrich.
Asking for more solid clothing during the Danube Street dance job will no longer remove the option to keep your mask on. Thanks to slenderostrich.
Fixed a variable that failed to initialise if the tutorial encounter was skipped. Thanks to Jimmy.
Fixed an issue found during tentacle encounters in the temple gardens, and in the old sewers. Thanks to Anon.
Fixed a bug that made the school bathrooms always empty of students. Thanks to Trinidad.
Fixed an issue with the scarlett and olive books events. Thanks to Trinidad.
Fixed a missing link found during an encounter with a dog outside the school.
Fixed hairdresser not offering to single-color dye your hair in one of the colors that is in already existing gradient hair. Thanks to KiraaCorsac.
Fixed some two-tone hair colors rendering with wrong brightness. Thanks to KiraaCorsac.
Fixed an error at the hairdresser's. Thanks to jcurdlewd.
Fixed an issue found when NPCs orgasm. Thanks to arairon.
The watchtower guard will no longer start encounters by doing exactly what they were doing at the end of your last encounter with them. Thanks to braymann.
Fixed a bug that made the PC's penis appear over tights, fishnet tights, and covering hands.
Fixed an issue with vagina wetness.
Thanks to slenderostrich, shinywing, YetAnotherDeviant, and Kirsty for typo fixes.

Thanks to Jimmy for the following fixes:
Fixed unhandled error when exiting the shop quickly. Thanks to Cutiland.
Fixed a bug when you overdue a book. Thanks to Cutiland.
Fixed a bug where you couldn't leave school without picking the lock when it's open. Thanks to Cutiland.
Fixed a bug where hats wouldn't move in combat. Thanks to Cutiland.
Added a missing link in one of the Bully Events. Thanks to Cutiland.

Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes:
Removed the class and onclick from the save menu for slots with no save to make it clear that saving isnt available.
Replaced the Start passage check with _enabled for slots with no save.
Adjusted the check for text based saves to prevent exporting when it should not be available.
Fixed an error in the clothing shop. Thanks to anon.
Parasitic pregnancy fixes.
Added Change the below settings text when importing settings which was missing.
Fixed incorrect virginity check.
Fixed some issues with strap-ons.
Removed the "Guide to your penis" option during tentacle encounters when the PC is wearing a strap-on.
Fixed an issue with gender appearance and chastity belts.
Fixed a compatibility issue with older saves.
Fixed an issue with the mirror.
Fixed an issue with cursed items.
Semen values in Characteristics are now hidden if the PC is unable to release semen.
Fixed some issues found when masturbating during combat.
Masturbating with the PC's penis or pussy should now be a promiscuity 2 act as intended.
Fixed a bug that prevented butt plugs working properly.
Fixed a broken link found when mastrubating
Prevented the player from rolling over when their face is being sat on.
Fixed time again, and again.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following fixes:
Fixed an error found during the Wraith quicksand sequence.
Fixed an impossible check for Sydney in the daily object.
Fixed a single event at the cafe that didn't actually pay the player at all.
Fired the Wraith from the office once again, prevented it from mimicking the manager, and blacklisted it from ever getting another job in the industry. Thanks to anon.
Fixed a bug that allowed monster people to wear clothes.
Fixed an issue with Wraith possession.
Fixed an issue that prevented bite actions working properly.
Fixed an issue that allowed the PC to lubricate their penis in impossible circumstances.
Walking with Sydney to the sex shop will no longer leave an empty location icon.
Fixed Wren gracefully leaving a red error box on the player's screen when they disappear into the night.
Fixed wolfpeople from the pack repeating their intro dialogue in a certain encounter.
Fixed a visual issue with beast penises at the entrance of the player's anus.
Fixed incorrect positioning for the leg shackle while in the missionary position.
Fixed some issues with the Wraith's nicknames for the player.
Fixed an instance of NPCs referring to the player's chastity belt as "ready to burst" at the office.
Fixed image errors in plantperson encounters.
Asking an NPC to not penetrate you while double penetrated should now make them both pull out properly.
"Edging" action renamed to "Edge him/her" to be consistent with other combat actions.
"Excellent English" no longer falsely displays as "Good English"
Fixed a missing image error with the long skirt in missionary position.
Disabled combat animations by default for mobile browsers, until we can fix combat animations.
Changed the order of the messages that display when the player and an NPC both lose handholding or kiss virginity at the same time, so a message will no longer display without a break after a status notification.
NPCs using broken condoms will now display cum sprites properly.
Fixed a dead passage in a new pregnancy event.
Fixed a set of broken missionary images for condoms during anal.
Fixed an incorrect promiscuity addition during leglocking.
Fixed a layering issue for some legwear in doggy position.
Fixed a dead passage when encountering the rival wolfpack.
Fixed a line break error in a Wraith scene
Adjusted a line break in the caption.
Fixed an error that occurred if the player ever had 5 or more squids latched on to them at a time.
Being unable to equip part of an outfit due to high ear slime corruption will now display the correct reasoning for being unable to equip it.
Fixed a missing image error when the player penetrates someone else.
Fixed a missing image error when the player has their left leg raised in missionary when wearing certain lower clothes.
Fixed sleeve sprites and right shoulder bodywriting never displaying in missionary position.
Fixed a Wraith event firing off before the Wraith was actually met.
Fixed several bugs with double penetration in the new xray sprites and in closeup sprites.
Fixed the combat sprites of normal, square, round, cool, cateye, aviator, shield, deepframe, halfmoon, and lowframe glasses. Thanks to Kirsty.
Fixed the Harpy transformation not showing that it increases the player's allure.
Eden will no longer grab your wolf ears if said ears are hidden.
Fixed the "next" text not appearing in a tab at the bottom of the screen in the trash machine event.
Fixed missing image error with the hybrid demoncat tail when penetrated in the doggy position.
Fixed an edge case where NPCs with chastity cages could penetrate the player's anus.
Fixed an issue where the closeup gifs would overlap text in some cases.
Fixed missing accessory image for the kitty ears.
Fixed an extreme edge case that could cause arousalmasochism to become corrupted.
Fixed layering issue with knotted penis xray sprite.
Fixed error when penetrated by the night monster.
Fixed the appearance of pale tentacles when penetrating or being penetrated by the player.
Foxed an error when loading the meadow fox NPC.
Fixed an error in the kennel.
Typo fixes.

Thanks to Ybyx for the following fixes:
Fixed a bug that prevented combat from rendering with radio buttons.
Fixed a bug that prevented the furniture shop delivering furniture.
Beasts should no longer be able to trigger a fallen transformation while the PC wears a strap-on.
Fixed a bug that prevented beast oral being as impactful as intended.
Pain is no longer gained through the PC's strap-on.
Fixed a bug that prevented NPCs stripping the PC's top when stuck in the pillory.
Fixed a bug that prevented struggle encounters interacting with strap-ons as often as intended.
Fixed a bug that allowed struggle encounters to take penile virginity via strap-ons.
Fixed a bug that allowed beast train encounters to teleport you strap-on-deep into the next beast.
Fixed a bug that prevented female strap-on wearers interacting with struggles or tentacles.
Learning to fly with the great hawk will now increase willpower as advertised.
Fixed some incorrect stat changes during struggle encounters.
Typo fixes.

Thanks to anonymous for the following fixes:
Whitney's first appearance in maths class is once again guaranteed to occur the first time the PC attends class after meeting them; a previous change set their first appearance to random chance.
Fixed the Danube dancing job treating the PC as if they were exposed if they strip their leotard the same turn the spotlight shines on them.
Getting locked in shackles during combat now destroys the PC's shoes, fixing an issue causing their legs to be bound while unshackled.
Actions in the office building will no longer be listed as "Defiant"/"Submissive" if they don't require the respective traits.
Fixed a masturbation scene in the office building causing encounters to end on the first turn.
Fixed monstergirls with dicks not being taken into account by the new swallowing mechanics.
You may no longer triumphantly shake your bottom after escaping a stalking encounter.
Fixed a softlock when accosted by the Ivory Wraith following a stalking encounter.
Fixed the difficulty for the "Wiggle" stalking action showing up on the wrong line.
Fixed the PC acting as if they were naked when changing into swimwear at the lake.
Fixed the PC's fringe being described as "undefined" in the characteristics tab.
Fixed Whitney's presence in maths class not getting reset after Friday's exams.
Fixed an error found when taking an NPC's hand off your neck during sex.
Nightmares are no longer capable of turning angel PCs fallen.
Fixed an error during one of the asylum's treatment scenes.
Fixed an error at the start of Whitney's Halloween event.
Fixed a missing image error with the monster hoodie.
Fixed the hanfu spontaneously breaking.
Typo fixes.

Thanks to Crimson Tide and anon for the following fixes:
Players will no longer be locked out of Mickey's fame quests if they refuse to strip upon first meeting them.
Changed Kylar's line for taking anal virginity if the PC is male or fertility references are toggled off.
Fixed an oversight preventing certain rescue scenes from triggering.
Fixed the "Shining Reputation" feat being unobtainable.
Corrected some links not passing time as advertised.
Text on custom posters is now case sensitive.
Fixed a plothole involving Mickey.
Tentacles now only take handholding virginity if they run out of health and withdraw while you're holding them, not immediately.
Fixes an issue with NPCs writing on your forehead when you're in a wall and they're behind you.
Leighton no longer thinks you're in a chastity belt when you're not.
Fixes a softlock when the player is possessed in the sewers, but regains control in town.
Fixes an issue with the parasite notebook, where the prompt to ask Harper for help doesn't appear if you immediately sell your parasites as soon as they're born.
Fixes a virginity warning appearing even with blind stats enabled.
Fixes a bug that allowed holy tattoos to affect tentacle types that should be immune.
Fixed an incorrect warning that told you an action would purify Sydney regardless of their corruption.
Fixes some incorrect spacing at the end of encounters.
Mickey no longer gives you infinite Manila envelopes.
The player now properly mentions if they wiped Bailey's list to Mickey.
Sydney now remembers your gender if you confide in them about your penis insecurities while praying.
You can now only eat Christmas dinner with Eden once per Christmas.
Fixes a line at the cabin that implies the weather outside is frightful even if the weather is, in fact, delightful.
Fixed the player losing track of time when taking stimulants so much they think midnight has passed when it hasn't yet.

Thanks to Kirsty for the following fixes:
Fixed a bug that made Alex's dominance increase when it should decrease.
Made overalls plural.
Switched some American versions of words to the British version.
Got rid of the PC's second pussy/dick ("your virgin pussy feel like they're ready to burst").
Fixed a bug preventing neutral-dominance PCs from properly stripping for the executive.
Fixed logic issue where the executive added items to a pile of clothing even when the player only took off one clothing item.
Fixed a bug where a player wearing underwear said they weren't comfortable removing an outfit due to not wearing underwear.
Fixed bugs where the player removes their naked when stripping for the executive, and where the executive tosses the player's naked on the floor.
Office typo fixes.



0.3.13.5
Fixed a bug in the changing rooms. Thanks to note leven.
Fixed a bug with the new sewer slime event. Thanks to note leven.

Thanks to Crimson Tide for the following fixes:
You can now begin the fame tasks in the pub with high exhibitionism fame.
The cooldown for being able to begin tasks after completing the last one has been lowered.
Neutral/defiant dialogue for the wolf pack Halloween event was corrected.
Leaving the Wraith compound event now gives you one turn of safety to escape the compound if you wish.
An easter egg line has been made slightly less common.

Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes:
Fixed a bug that caused blood moons to end at midnight, interrupting the Wraith sequence.
Fixed an issue with the schism scene and scene viewer.
Fixed an issue with forest shop clothes.
Fixed time.
Fixed a bug that prevented the PC collecting custom contact lenses. Thanks to note leven.
Fixed issues witht eh settings importer for the options overlay.
Code improvements.


0.3.13.4
Thanks to Jimmy for ironman code improvements.
Fixed a bug that prevented women from generating in the changing rooms. Thanks to Pumping Lemma.
The lewd version of modelling at Domus street now respects genital generation settings, and can be accessed by virgin characters. Thanks to Pumping Lemma.
Fixed an error found when trying to keep or prevent choking by a defeated NPC.
Fixed a bug that caused the PC's eyes to always turn blue when possessed. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Fixed time not skipping to dawn once the Schism scene ends. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Fixed blood moons not appearing at the right time. Thanks to hwp.
Fixed a bug that prevented wraith hunts starting before midnight. Thanks to hwp.
The hanfu is now gender neutral. Thanks to hwp.
The Wraith is now less likely to mimic Robin at night. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Thanks to Crimson Tide for code improvements.
Thanks to Pumping Lemma for a typo fix.

Thanks to anon for the following fixes:
Fixed an error when hiding during stalking encounters. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Adjusted the artwork for the classy vampire jacket. Thanks to MinerDx.
Fixed a few events in the office not reflecting for the PC's genitals.
Fixed an error when raiding lockers in the boys' changing room.
Fixed the cheats menu being unable to un-dye the PC's fringe.
Fixed a few issues with the brothel tentacles show.
Fixed a softlock in the orphanage garden.
Typo fixes.

Thanks to note leven for the following fixes:
Time should no longer freeze during the Halloween party at the lake.
Fixed a number of issues found during the manager masturbation event.
Fixed changing room links.
Fixed some error found when importing old settings.
Enabled save export to file during combat and dancing.
Fixed broken links when stripping at the office.
Fixed a broken variable during the office shredder event.
Office code improvements.


0.3.13.3
Added icons for the skeleton outfit and mask. Thanks to anon.
Added Robin and Whitney reaction lines for the skeleton costume. Thanks to hwp.
Thanks to note leven for fixing bad links.
Thanks to Jimmy for an ironman fix.

Thanks to Crimson Tide and anon for the following fixes:
A new event at the compound will no longer trigger before the PC's actually discovered it.
Completing the new compound event drastically increases security.
Fixed an error caused by the ear slime at Alex's farm.
Fixed an error at the underground farm.
Fixed an error in the office.
Pronoun fixes.


0.3.13.2
Added some small events to the catacombs.
Adjusted the catacombs pass out scene for when a monster spawns.
Fixed a bug that caused school bathroom events to become confused about your gender. Thanks to xao.

Thanks to note leven for the following fixes:
Fixed an error found when attempting to reset NPC virginities in the cheat menu.
Added starting season to setting export.
Fixed a bug that made the game forget something about Kylar.
Disabled Eden's raft during winter.
Fixed a bug that caused the encounter found when delivering a note in maths class to end prematurely.

Thanks to anon for the following fixes:
The PC can no longer join the Halloween party at the lake before the evening. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Fixed an error when taking a certain task from Mickey at the pub. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Fixed an error found when exploring the catacombs.
Reduced the severity of body part sensitivity.
Fixed errors caused by an unused variable.


0.3.13.1
Added the classy vampire jacket to the forest shop, unlocked on 21st October. Art courtesy of MinerDx.
Added location art for Kylar's manor. Art courtesy of MinerDx.
Thanks to MinerDx for adjusting the winter jacket icon.
Thanks to Kami for adjusting the park dawn location image, the landfill icon, and the beer bottle icon.
Fixed several bugs and text inconsistencies in Whitney's Halloween sequence. Thanks to hwp.
Fixed a bug that broke time. Thanks to note leven.
Fixed a scene in the office that didn't properly initiate.
Thanks to note leven for pronoun fixes.
Thanks to xao for miscellaneous fixes.

Thanks to anon for the following fixes:
Fixed some lines in the churchyard that should've been hidden by the disabled stats setting. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Fixed a worker at the office bringing an [undefined] as their emotional support animal. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Landry will no longer ask the PC to recruit Mickey from the orphanage if they've already been recruited.
The Ivory Wraith can no longer become the PC's manager. Thanks to braymann and hwp.
Fixed the PC's fringe colour not updating in the sidebar on the starting screen.
Fixed broken links when an NPC demands your underwear in the office.
Fixed a bug when generating Sydney. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Fixed the office building's icon being misaligned.
Fixed an error found when swallowing cum.
Typo fixes, mostly found by Crimson Tide.


0.3.13.0
Added the old churchyard to the forest, and a catacombs beneath. Requires at least C+ skulduggery to break in.
Added an office building to the High Street, where the PC can find work. Thanks to googlyman, with help from Crimson Tide. Location icons courtesy of Swaggy Bookshelf, and link icon courtesy of MinerDx.
Added a Halloween event for the wolf pack at the lake. Written by Burnt Toast, and coded by Crimson Tide.
Added a short Halloween party event to the lake, tying into the above. Written and coded by anon.
Overhauled the sensitivity system. Added mouth and bottom sensitivities, while breast and genital sensitivities are now taken into account more frequently and appropriately. Thanks to Akoz.
Added a handful of playable nightmare scenes that may occur in the PC's sleep. Thanks to Necro for writing the Eden, Wraith, and Harper nightmares. Thanks to stale sandwich for writing the Great Hawk nightmare. Coded by anon, with help from Jimmy.
Ear slimes can now make you suck your own penis or pussy, should the PC be capable of doing so.
Added additional masturbation actions to the bullet vibe, small dildo, and dildo. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe, with help from Meat Glacier and Crimson Tide.
Added additional save statistics, which can be displayed in the top right of the screen. 
Added a short Halloween scene. Thanks to hwp.
Added the skeleton outfit and skeleton mask to the forest shop. They become available on 21st October. Art courtesy of namelessone.
Added nine antiques.
Added the "Swallow" and "Spit" actions to combat, appearing when an NPC ejaculates in the PC's mouth. Thanks to Nicky Lassandri.
Statistics now keeps track of the total amount of human and beast semen swallowed. Thanks to Nicky Lassandri.
Added several comments on the PC's Halloween costumes for Robin and Whitney. Thanks to hwp.
Added the option to dye sides and fringe separate colours at the hairdressers. Thanks to KiraaCorsac.
Adjusted the crop top art to be shorter. Thanks to Teeib7.
Added the option to move the overlay close button to the left of the window, to make it more accessible on small screens. Thanks to xao.
Added the "Column radio" encounter formatting style, available in options. Thanks to Divine Heir Kuro.
Added the "Dark Delvings" feat.
Thanks to Crimson Tide, Jimmy, xao, hwp, note leven, Lollipop Scythe, and KiraaCorsac for code improvements.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following additions and improvements:
The ancient threat, or Wraith, is now a named NPC, and may haunt the social tab.
The Wraith now has the obsession stat. It impacts its power in interactions, and attitude towards the PC.
Completing the Schism scene for the first time will give a potent reduction to obsession This will be applied to most existing saves. There are other methods for reducing obsession.
Taking the Ivory Necklace raises obsession to max, and prevents it from being lowered below half. It is also raised by letting pale offspring die, or selling them.
The "Apologise" action becomes very effective against the Wraith once the Schism scene is seen.
Renovated the Plinth Room in the underwater ruins. The PC is no longer required to take the necklace to access its other features, including ear slime removal.
Single-NPC encounters now refer to the NPC by their description again.

Thanks to Crimson Tide for the following additions and improvements:
Added twelve missions to the pub that allow you to decrease or increase fame stats. The difficulty depends on the particular stat involved, the direction of the change, and whether the change is permanent or temporary.
Added a Robin event.
Added a Wraith event.
Obsession now changes how the Wraith holds the PC before kissing, impacting stat changes.
At high obsession and while haunting, the Wraith can now strike while "ejaculating", raising stress, trauma, and pain.
Added a small bit of flavour text to the machine asylum scene at high obsession.
The Wraith is now slightly more dangerous during the farm assault, and appears slightly more often, at high obsession.
The Wraith can now stalk the PC as a random encounter on the town's streets. Framework was made by anon.
Added a tentacle mode to the brothel sex machine, and a tentacle show.
Added painful tentacles that cause a small amount of pain when they rub against the PC.
Added the "Shining Reputation" and "Slip Through the Backdoor" feats.

Balance Changes
Moved the exhibitionism check in the school changing rooms from the locker, to the rooms themselves. Thanks to xao.
Vines and metal tentacles are no longer affected by holy tattoos. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
You can now do your own shopping when shopping for a Halloween costume for Robin. Thanks to hwp.
Lowered the trauma and time requirements to see the Schism scene. Thanks to PurityGuy.
In the pub mimic event, the amount of drugs and hallucinogens you get from the pill is impacted by obsession. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Hopping the school fence now gives one cat transformation point per day. Thankst o note leven.
Added options to avoid clothes tearing when hopping the school fence based on athletics, knowledge of fence hopping, or being a cat. Thanks to note leven.
Added possible arousal, stress, or pain gains when hopping the school fence naked. Thanks to note leven.
Aphrodisiacs are no more threatening, as they can double the modifier applied to arousal from sensitivity. Thanks to Akoz.
Oral skill can now be increased to D rank by sucking your own penis, a dildo, a small dildo, or the moor phallus plant.
Hypnotic deviancy may now make the PC provoke beasts at the start of encounters, rather than punish a lack of deviant acts.

Bug Fixes
Fixed several event outcomes related to tiredness on Alex's farm and at the temple that could never trigger. Thanks to dust36.
Leaving the pub with someone will now properly take drunkenness into account. Thanks to dust36.
Fixed a couple of issues that prevented default actions working. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed a bug that prevented mini penises from releasing any semen. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed a bug that allowed chastised NPCs to masturbate in combat. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
It's once again possible to remove individual clothes at the lake, if exhibitionism is high enough. Thanks to xao.
The game will no longer forget that the PC has seen the Schism scene, allowing some previous interactions to become more common. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Fixed a broken CSS element. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Fixed a broken text effect. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Trying to speak while dissociating will now help you snap out of it as intended. Thanks to braymann.
Fixed a bug when Kylar gives you their striped panties. Thanks to braymann.
Tweaked the effect that working out has on butt shrinkage, shouldn't be as easy to shrink now. Thanks to braymann.
Robin will now pull your hood down to give you a flower crown instead of making you take off your entire hoodie. Thanks to braymann.
Fixed a compatibility bug with old saves at the bird tower.
Fixed a bug that allowed the PC to use some sex toys in multiple ways at once. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed a bug that allowed ear slimes to act when they're meant to be disabled. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed some issues with awareness checks. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Thanks to hwp for minor fixes.
Thanks to Crimson Tide for typo fixes.

Thanks to anonymous for the following fixes:
Fixed a softlock when fighting a student at the lockers.
Fixed pronoun issues when performing some hand actions.
Fixed errors when attempting to free your face.
Fixed a text issue when rescued in the forest.
Typo fixes.



0.3.12.4
Fixed broken nurse socks encounter sprites images.
Fixed a bug that hid accessories on undertops, such as the foreign school swimsuit.
The zoom feature is once again usable. It can now be found in the OPTIONS menu.

Thanks to anon for the following fixes:
Fixed a softlock caused by edging during the tutorial encounter.
Fixed the option to edge an NPC's pussy with your right hand not appearing.
Fixed the PC's swimming skill being negatively affected by not wearing high heels.
Bathing in the park's fountain now takes 10 minutes, as advertised.
Fixed a softlock when drinking with Whitney at midnight.
Resized the winter jacket's icon.

Thanks to note leven for the following fixes:
Fixed an issue with heterochromia.
Fixed a formatting issue for tulip seeds in the park.
Sydney should no longer insist that you're late for school when classes are over.
Fixed an issue with Kylar's encounter speech.
Fixed a bug that allowed the PC to start restoring the cabin at the wrong times, cuasing bugs.
Alleviated issues with underwear layers.
Code improvements.


0.3.12.3
Fixed an issue with the hairdressers. Thanks to note leven.
Fixed sudden nudity. Thanks to note leven.
Fixed an error that could appear during beast encounters. Thanks to Stadler76.
Fixed an issue found when visiting Bailey on the first day.
It should no longer be possible to endlessly attempt to strip a straightjacket on the dance floor.
Thanks to note leven for a minor fix.
The hypnosis attitude will now impact acquiring hypnotic deviancy.
Removed the non-functioning animation button from Options.
Fixed an error with the new hand actions and self-targeting in combat. Thanks to anon.

Thanks to note leven for the following fixes:
Fixed an issue with heterochromia.
Fixed an issue with parasitic pregnancy.
Fixed an issue found when certain NPCs took the PC's virginity.
Code improvements.
Typo fixes.


0.3.12.2
Fixed an issue with NPC generation during the Whitney maths grope event. Thanks to Jimmy.
Fixed an issue with Whitney's pronouns during their parasite event. Thanks to TonyFox.
History scenes where you clean the itching powder off now give delinquency when appropriate. Thanks to TonyFox.
Fixed an issue with harpy images. Thanks to Jimmy and Stadler76.
Added demon harpy chimera wings toggle to mirror options. Thanks to Stadler76.
Hid demon wings when demon harpy wings are enabled. Thanks to Stadler76.
Thanks to Jimmy and TonyFox for code improvements.

Thanks to note leven for the following fixes:
Fixed a bug that broke the game on ios.
Fixed contain links after Kylar fed the fishes.
Punished elesif for inappropriate name.
A debug improvement.


0.3.12.1
Lowered the warmth given by the open shoulder sweater bottom.
Wearing no underwear will no longer increase the exhibitionism stat.

Bug Fixes
Fixed a text bug. Thanks to hwp.
Improved some code that previously wouldn't run on old browsers. Thanks to Jimmy.
Fixed a bug that caused the demon harpy chimera wings to appear without the demon transformation. Thanks to Jimmy.
Prison inmates will no longer watch the PC lift weights after lockdown. Thanks to anonymous.
Fixed missing image errors for the winter jacket. Thanks to anonymous.
Fixed a bug that prevented pills working. Thanks to Tipengek.
Fixed a bug that prevented certain lines from triggering during the brothel bukkake show.
Fixed an issue with the Harvest Street exhibitionist option encounter. Thanks to Pumping Lemma.
Fixed a bug that made it impossible to interact with clothes left in the school locker room overnight. Thanks to xao.
Fixed a bug that made a Whitney event more common than intended> Thanks to TonyFox.
Thanks to TonyFox and braymann for minor fixes.
Thanks to anonymous for typo fixes.


0.3.12.0
Added a couple of exhibitionist options to the industrial alleyways, letting you cross to the road out of town while exposed during the day.
Added a couple of exhibitionist options to Connudatus Street at night, and another to the park at night.
Added a bukkake show to the brothel, available to demon PCs.
Added a rare event found when dancing at the strip club, and another found when dancing at the Brothel.
Added an event to the town's streets, a couple of events to the prison, an event to the storm drains, an event to the landfill, and an event to the forest.
Added a Whitney scene to maths class, triggered by high arousal. Written by Meat Glacier and coded by hwp.
Adjusted Sydney code and text at school to prepare for future additions. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Tentacles can now inflict "Hypnotic Deviancy" on the PC, requiring the PC perform at least one deviant act per day or suffer trauma. Requires bestiality be enabled.
Added the "Lull" action to tentacle encounters, letting you ward off tentacles attempting to penetrate your mouth, if a chance of additional damage depending on willpower. Unlocked by B tending.
Added the "Growl" combat action to wolf PCs, a bratty action that can prevent beasts from mounting the PC once per combat.
Encounter and close up sprite nipple colour, mouth colour, and and body highlights should now suit darker skin tones, and match the sidebar sprite. Thanks to xao.
You can now equip any dancing clothes directly from the dance studio changing room. Thanks to xao.
Thanks to xao for many under-the-hood improvements to the clothing system, and quality of life improvements to the school changing rooms.
Added the "Strut" action to stalk encounters, unlocked with level 2 exhibitionism actions.
Added the "Wiggle" action to stalk encounters, which is more effective with with high seduction.
Added a button to the corrupt variable warning that clears corrupted variables. Thanks to TonyFox.
Asylum pills no longer show their effects when blind stats are enabled. Thanks to note leven.
On-screen numpad buttons now gray out when associated links are unavailable. Thanks to note leven.
Hovering a mouse cursor over sidebar stat bars now displays the stat's value. Thanks to Jimmy.
Added a small event to the underground brothel.
Added demon harpy chimera wings, for PCs with both the demon and bird transformations. Art courtesy of Sir OniHeimer.
Thanks to 3hp for adjustments to ruffled hair.
Added flavour text to several streets, taking weather into account.
Added the schism scene to the scene viewer. Thanks to PurityGuy.
If you restore any of your virginities in the cheat menu, clicking "take" will undo the action and set it back to whoever previously took it, as long as you do so before leaving the current passage. Thanks to hwp.
Using the cheat menu, you can now choose exactly which parasite you want on a given location rather than having to cycle through them. Thanks to hwp.
Added the hanfu, pink nurse dress, pink nurse hat, plastic nurse dress, plastic nurse hat, and nurse socks to the clothing shop. Art courtesy of Hyomi.
Added the open shoulder sweater to the clothing shop. Art courtesy of 3hp.
Added a wolf muzzle, kitty muzzle, bit gag, cloth gag, tape gag, and penis gag, which appear in certain situations. Art courtesy of KG.
Added the winter jacket to the clothing shop. Art courtesy of MinerDX.
Added new icons for apples, blood lemons, onions, pears, poppies, potatoes, and tulips. Thanks to Swaggy Bookshelf.
Thanks to note leven for improved error reporting.
Toast. Art courtesy of Hyomi.
Added the "Bewitching Echoes" feat.
Thanks to Jimmy, TonyFox, Crimson Tide, Höst, hwp, KiraaCorsac, Stadler76 and note leven for code improvements.

Thanks to xao for the following additions and improvements:
Updated the look of overlay menus and buttons.
Reworked and reordered Options menu.
Clicking outside of an overlay menu now closes it.
Moved several performance settings from the setup screen to the options menu under 'Performance', which can be changed from anywhere
Closing the options menu now automatically updates your settings, without having to click a link or go to another passage.
Added a toggle for character lighting, which can turn it off completely.
Enabled "Visual representation of the player character's skin colour" and" tanning changes" by default. Can be turned off in Performance Settings.

Thanks to anonymous for the following additions and improvements:
Whitney can now be encountered at the pub on Sunday nights. Written by Mona.
You can now guide NPC hands to your ass or genitals while holding hands.
You can now attempt to pull NPC hands away from your ass or genitals.
Added more outcomes to NPCs reading arrow-based bodywriting, making arrows more functional in same-sex encounters.
Added edging for oral, tribbing, and handjobs.
Adjusted a passage at the sex shop.

Thanks to Crimson Tide for the following additions and improvements:
You can now buy a notebook from the pet shop after birthing enough parasites that records and displays related information. Thanks to feedback from Lollipop Scythe.
Added the "Broodmother Zoologist" feat, attained by completing the notebook/birthing all possible creatures.
Flirting with Kylar in the manor now has you lead Kylar to the bed, rather than trekking all the way to the orphanage.
You can now walk to the manor with Kylar, once 18:00 hits. Written by Kurjutta.
You can catch Robin masturbating in their room after bedtime at very high lust. Written by YetAnotherUser.

Thanks to Höst for the following additions and improvements:
Added numerous icons for the various bathroom actions, including different icons for each possible pubic style.
Added an icon for putting on clothes at the lake, dance school, and swimming pool, and another icon for putting away clothes in the swimming pool changing rooms.
Added the Push Up Bra to the clothing shop, with a "Push up" trait that makes your breasts appear bigger.
Mascara smears now persist after tears dry out. Washing or re-applying the mascara will remove the smears.
Added black waterproof mascara.
Improved the pepper spray display.
Added a chance to wake up with ruffled hair. The chance increases the longer you sleep. Fixed automatically when choosing a clothing set with a hairstyle.
Added a couple of tips.
Added new art for the thong.
Formatting improvements.

Balance Changes
The Uncontrolled Hallucinations trait now greatly increases the likelihood of hypnotists appearing in the population.
Stealthy clothing is now more stealthy.  This makes you less detectable. Thanks to TonyFox.
Police now able to learn your patterns.  This makes you more detectable. Thanks to TonyFox.
NPCs now reach orgasm more quickly while watching you dance should they like the type of dance you perform. The line indicating they are masturbating is now highlighted in pink in such cases.
Reduced the exhibitionism requirement for buying from a service station naked to 4, and in your underwear to 2.
Grabbing a tentacle during combat will now take your handholding virginity.
Fixed the option to have sex with Whitney after being rescued appearing as a Promiscuity 4 action when it should've been Promiscuity 1. Thanks to anonymous.
Angry NPCs are longer rendered powerless by handholding. Thanks to anonymous.
Kissing during combat is now a Promiscuity 1 action. Thanks to anonymous.
The PC will now automatically guard with their arms on the first turn of struggle encounters.
The mansion dance job can now continue to be taken after completing the temple's quest.
The PC can now receive a free serafuku when unlocking it.
The ancient threat can no longer give you an ear slime if you've already gotten rid of one that blood moon. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Pepper spray is now less effective against the ancient threat. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Whitney may now try to whore out the PC in the park at max dominance regardless of love.

Thanks to Höst for the following balance changes:
It is no longer possible ot harvest crops or shave with your arms bound.
Chest binders, chest wraps, and swim shirts are now better at concealing larger breasts.
School swim bottoms are now less warm.
The corset now has the "Push up" trait, making breasts appear bigger.
Thongs and striped bras are now less revealing. Tape is very slightly less revealing.

Bug Fixes
Fixed a bug that made two Kylar manor scenes impossible to unlock for the scene viewer. Thanks to Anonymous.
Putting on clothes outside a wardrobe should now properly unequip existing clothes, and prevents outfits tearing into parts. Thanks to xao.
Fixed a visual glitch with the anal penetration sprite. Thanks to xao.
Fixed a bug that prevented the dark penis sprite for anal appearing when it was meant to. Thanks to xao.
Fixed an issue with Robin's Halloween sequence. Thanks to Jimmy.
Robin won't go back to their room if you sleep for a short duration, and they're sleeping with you, until at least 6 am. Thanks to Jimmy.
Fixed bugs caused by saving on the first screen, then loading that save on a subsequent update. Thanks to Olaroll.
Police should now properly track your crime history. Thanks to TonyFox.
Fixed a bug that made some NPCs reach orgasm faster than intended while watching you dance.
Fixed some issues with sex toys. Thanks to TonyFox.
Fixed a couple of instances of imminent penetration not being properly highlighted, and added details about lube. Thanks to Pumping Lemma.
Fixed a bug that caused breast bodywriting/tattoos to be blocked by all under tops. Thanks to n1ck.
Fixed a bug that prevented a minor landfill event triggering.
Fixed some notes that should've been hidden by the "enable blind stats" setting. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Made it harder to wreck your game with teleport cheats. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Avery will no longer molest you with a foot during the restaurant date if feet are disabled.
Fixed a bug that caused pepper spray to be more effective against groups than intended. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Fixed incorrect article usage on Characteristics overlay. Thanks to KiraaCorsac.
Added mention of the PC's pussy to the Characteristic overlay's short character description. Thanks to KiraaCorsac.
Fixed a small text issue during combat. Thanks to KiraaCorsac.
Fixed a bug that could muddle penises when two try to penetrate at once. Thanks to Pumping Lemma.
Fixed clothes accidentally disappearing from dance studio changing room if they were left there over midnight. Thanks to xao.
Added back some missing text descriptions when screaming. Thanks to xao.
Thanks to xao and ChexAndBalances for typo fixes.

Thanks to note leven for the following fixes:
Fixed a bug that allowed minimum sizes to be set higher than maxiumum sizes.
Fixed an issue with milk and semen volume descriptions.
Fixed a rare bug that could cause purity to stay at max when it shouldn't.
Fixed a bug that allowed buying in sex shop for negative money.
Dock pirates won't intercept Robin from going to the landfill if they haven't had their fill yet.
Fixed some issues with the stat tracking NPC boldness.
Other fixes.

Thanks to TonyFox for the following fixes:
Fixed breast/penis growth bug (not growing with being orgasm'd in/orgasming in NPCs, etc)
You will no longer remove the naked behind a changing screen at the photo studio.
Cafe blackmail events properly increase defiance/submissiveness as appropriate.
Talking to servants in the Danube dance job now reduces stress like indicated.
Finally caught the bug involving the eyelenses and missionary sex images.
A street flasher now properly gets to see what you're wearing (or not).
The carriage ride back to town will no longer give you sexual essence.
Fixed large number of "his/her" where it should have been "him/her".
Several Whitney events now mess up your hair, as does passing out.
Fixed an issue with insecurity and acceptance bars not showing.
Fixed an issue with possessed masturbation breaking variables.
Breaking into containers at the docks now properly adds crime.
Hypnotised stat now counts when you're hypnotised in combat.
Beauty no longer doubly affected by some traumatic events.
A large number of grammar improvements regarding dialogue.
The ancient threat can no longer have its gender changed.
Fixed an issue with prayer room sex corrupting variables.
Fixed an accidental loop in the dog pound competition.
Fixed a potentially missing 0 in the sewers safe hint.
Headband now gender neutral instead of for males.
Fixed a bug with the check for dancing attire.
Cafe suspicion now decays a little each day.
Fixed a broken fight scenario on the UFarm.
Fixed some Kylar abduction sequence logic.
Fixed semen volume not increasing hourly.
Fixed a bad link in the pub crawl quiz.
Corrected some assorted misgenderings.
Fixed some locker room clothing names.
You can no longer vagina your face.
Fixed some logic when hypnotised.
Some grammar regarding dialogue.
Fixed logic in some Alex events.
Gave Kylar back his second eye.
Fixed an issue with some pills.
Fixed a minor bug in combat.
Wrangled some varmint NPCs!
Minor code and typo fixes.

Thanks to braymann for the following fixes:
You can no longer increase your milk or semen volume infinitely using cheats.
Using both hands to swim away from swarms will no longer make your arms go back to resting by default.
You will no longer be prevented from leaving the forest lake immediately after making a plant skirt or top.
Fixed a bug where most named NPCs will lose all virginities after you meet them for the first time, and restored those missing virginities on existing saves.
Fixed a bug where spa patrons' tips won't actually increase when the game says they raise their offer.
Fixed a bug where the effectiveness of using your ass to pleasure spa patrons was determined by thigh skill instead.
Fixed an issue when taking an npc's virginity when being double penetrated.
Fixed a bug where it was impossible for Sydney to break their chastity vow.
Fixed a bug with straddling two dicks at the same time.
Fixed a bug that made cheating on school exams easier than intended.
Fixed some line-spacing issues when breaking free from the ancient threat's control.
Kylar can no longer grow a second penis when they read the "Reserved for Kylar" bodywriting.

Thanks to anonymous for the following fixes:
Losing to sailors during a pub crawl quiz no longer lowers school status, instead lowering docks status as intended.
Kylar's owl plush now functions properly after its retrieval from Bailey's office.
Avery now remembers the player's genitals after seeing them during a date.
Typo fixes.

Thanks to Höst for the following fixes:
The second half of the hair colours list in cheats should now be appropriately coloured.
Fixed a bug that caused smeared mascara to render beneath freckles.
Fixed an issue with tanning on Linux. 
Femininity will now consider apparent, rather than actual, breast size.
Wren will now consider the PC's apparent breast size, rather than just the presence of a chest binding top.
White and yellow school swim bottoms will no longer be so luminous.
Face masks will now stop leaves getting in your mouth.
Fixed an incorrect school reminder in the sidebar on the last day of a school season, or holidays, if the day was also a Sunday.
Fixed a bug allowing long johns and boxers to be pulled to the side in combat.
A minor under the hood fix.



0.3.11.4
Running in the park can now lead to a stalk encounter.
Added weather flavour text to various locations.
Added an event to Alex's farm that can appear once Alex is available as a love interest.
Added a mouseover note to the watersports toggle. Thanks to xao.
Disabling images in settings now also disables the combat images toggle. Thanks to xao.
Thanks to xao for code improvements.

Balance Changes
Added plain panties, boxers, briefs, and plain bras to the school clothing shop.
Some previously instant events now pass time. Thanks to xao.

Bug Fixes
Fixed an error found involving Kylar in the orphanage loft.
Thanks to Chex&Balances for fixing a ton of typos.
Fixed an error found when ejaculating in an NPC's pussy.
Fixed an error found when begging Whitney in the park without having unlocked them as a love interest. Thanks to TonyFox.
Fixed an issue found during a lorry scene. Thanks to TonyFox.
The encounter hallways during science class should no longer end at once.
Thanks to definitely_not_a_cop for a typo fix.
Fixed a broken park location image during winter nights.
Removed the PC's ability to speak with a gag on during a prison scene.
Fixed an error found during a scene in English class.
Fixed a bug that caused the second round against the dog in the compound to end at once, and lead to a broken passage. Fixed a similar bug found during the encounter with the cat on Danube Street.
Fixed an error found when lurkers and similar creatures cover your thighs in slime.
Fixed issues with the settings export/import system. Thanks to Jimmy.

Thanks to xao for the following fixes:
The locker event now damages the correct clothing.
The PC no longer automatically takes pills while getting molested or raped.
Message about gender appearance now uses percieved breast size as a factor if chest is exposed 
Fixed text in the temple wolf encounter.
Fixed a bug that displayed 0% chance to win when entering the science competition with phallus or mushroom projects.
The dance studio, cae, strip club, spa, compound, store, docks and school onw always take time to enter from the streets.
Fixed a broken link, and other errors, found during assaults on Alex's farm.
Morgan should now correctly attempt to teach history.
Fixed a broken link during a pharmacy seduction event.
The cafe blackmail encounter should now be able to end.
Added time display to a lot of links that were missing them.
Fix error after sleeping on a saturday, after doing the brothel show the day before.
Fixed an issue with the milk drank stat.
Fixed danube dance job taking less time than intended.
Fixed error on oxford street.
Fixed an error found during the halloween event.
Typo fixes.


0.3.11.3
Connudatus and Cliff Street flavour text now takes rain and snow into account.
Added more outcomes to the "Search" action at the landfill.
Thanks to TonyFox for code improvements.

Bug Fixes
Fixed a bug that disabled combat images on old saves.
Fixed a small UI issue in Settings.
Fixed an issue with settings import. Thanks to Jimmy.
Fixed time-based errors in the Schism scene. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Fixed a line that went on one too many times. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Fixed the daily purity gain so that the Impurity Boost can counteract it again. Thanks to braymann.
Gaining a point of Demon or Angel transformation will no longer make you lose a point of your animal transformations. Thanks to braymann.

Thanks to TonyFox for the following fixes:
Fixed many invalid variable maths.
Ended an instance of clothing communism.
Corrected logic for mouth rinsing.
Fixed and improved some logic when encountering a dog in a house on Domus street.
Fixed a bug with combat images not being enabled properly on new saves.
Fixed a detention scene ending early.
Fixed some gender checks in a Kylar event.
Fixed some location checks for Kylar's manor.
Fixed several broken variables.
Typo fixes.


0.3.11.2
The "Start a fire" option at Remy's estate can now appear locked when the other favours are done, but you don't have enough daring. Thanks to definitely_not_a_cop.

Bug Fixes
Fixed an issue with the wrong NPC loading for private dances. Thanks to TonyFox.
Fixed some issues with blackjack betting. Thankst o definitely_not_a_cop.
Fixed an error found when named NPCs generate. Thanks to TonyFox.
Fixed an issue found following an interaction with the ancient threat. Thanks to TonyFox.


0.3.11.1
Added the fish hairpin to the clothing shop. Art courtesy of Hyomi.
Added icons for tendable plants, and honeycomb. Art courtesy of Swaggy Bookshelf.
Added the option to disable combat images while leaving other images present. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Added an error reporting tool. Thanks to TonyFox.
Added a small addition to the end of the moor youths scene. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Some combat flavour text now accounts for nectar. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Thanks to TonyFox for code improvements.

Balance Changes
Willingly kissing the moor youths now counts as consensual. Being kissed before you can tell them no still counts as assault. Thanks to Crimson Tide.

Bug Fixes
Text about guarding yourself in struggle encounters now uses hand skill, rather than feet skill. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
The new Whitney scene at school now uses Kylar's pronouns to refer to Kylar, rather than Whitney's. Thanks to anonymous.
Whitney's rescue breakdown sex scene now properly starts. Thanks to anonymous.
The game will no longer claim your mask broke when you just displaced it Thanks to braymann.
Fixed a bug that caused the Monster Hoodie's colors to occasionally break Thanks to braymann.
Fixed a random dog that breaks free when you try to free the Black Dog. Thanks to braymann.
Fixed a bug with body liquid. Thanks to note leven, TonyFox and Jimmy.
Thanks to Crimson Tide and anonymous for typo fixes.

Thanks to TonyFox for the following fixes:
Fixed a number of variables that failed to initialise at a game's start.
Fixed two icons in the bedroom.
Sydney is now allowed to stop fucking.
Dr Harper has retired from the field of Physciatrict Specialty medicine, to pursue a promising career in Psychiatry, Hypnosis Therapy, and Sexual Pharmacology.  We wish them all the best.
The audience will no longer talk about the beasts waiting their turn during a farm sex show, and instead will focus on the one currently involved with the PC.
The man beating an orphan on Domus Street will no longer randomly change genders.
The black hole that was swallowing the dog and preventing you from continuing during a Whitney sequence has been closed.
Private dances will no longer lose track of your customer.
Whitney is now allowed to cum in Bailey's office.
Whitney can now properly get you comfortably naked in Maths class. River will act appropriately.
School skills properly fixed for those who had them mis-set in previous versions
Fixed moo'ing during alex's farm milking. Moo!
Fixed an issue with cow transformation milk and semen volume caps.
Remy has stopped using his powers of transfiguration to change his coffee into tea.
Fixed an error that would appear when loading old saves.


0.3.11.0
Added a Whitney event to the school hallways that can trigger Kylar's manor abduction.
Dance audience members can now start masturbating as they watch, depending on the location. Semen can land on the PC if they're in the right spot, increasing awe, and lands on the stage otherwise. A cum-drenched stage is slippery, and falling will trigger a gang rape.
The NPC selected to ask for a private dance is now determined by whoever the PC is dancing closest to, rather than the first to generate.
Added some dance audience comments.
Incorporated a system of money betting during blackjack with Wren. Clothing can now be rebought under certain circumstances. Thanks to definitely_not_a_cop.
Angel, fallen angel, and demon PCs can now offer to hold the after-meal sermons in prison.
Holy tattoos now burn when touched by tentacles, hurting them and the PC.
Added a customisable "spotlight" character lighting for the sidebar and encounter sprites, controlled by sliders in the Options menu. Thanks to Olaroll.
Added a shadow beneath the encounter sprites when lit by a spotlight. Thanks to xao.
Added a tooltip when mousing over shop trait icons. Thanks to xao.
Added a couple of events to the old sewers.
Students at school will now whisper of your negative fames. Written by Kinky_One and coded by xao.
Added the "guard" option to struggle encounters, letting you attempt to use your hand skill to bat away creatures as they launch themselves at you.
Lurkers and similar creatures can now shoot slime at you should you fail to dodge during struggle encounters.
Added a few events to the moor.
Added the option to leave money when encountering a poor family on Domus Street. Thanks to Cord.
Added an event to the orphanage.
Added an event to the school hallways. Written by Anonymous G and coded by xao.
Added an event to the school front and rear when school is not in session.
Combat actions that require a certain awareness level are now advertised as such. Thanks to note leven.
Added flavour text around the world, taking the time of day and weather into account in more places.
Added combat flavour text improvements, including the ability for NPCs to differentiate between long and short when mentioning your hair.
Cow PCs can now moo when being milked at Alex's farm. Thanks to Cord.
Added a "Help wanted" sign outside the Ocean Breeze for new characters. Thanks to Cord.
Adjusted the park dusk location image, and added animated park location images for blood moons, and other times of day. Art courtesy of Kami.
Added the single breasted jacket, double breasted jacket, slacks, and short tie to the clothing shop. Art courtesy of Sir OniHeimer.
Added the "Free Booze" feat.
Thanks to TonyFox, Crimson Tide, Perry, xao, Jimmy, note leven, and anonymous for code improvements.

Thanks to Crimson Tide for the following additions and improvements:
Added the "Hypnotic Flaunting" trait, which can cause the PC to flaunt a body part instead of covering them.
Added an attitude that makes the PC accept all combat hypnosis effects.
Added nectar as a third liquid type, alongside semen and slime, carried by plantpeople and plant-based tentacles.
Adjusted a few scenes to take the presence of nectar into account.
Added six Kylar scenes to the scene viewer.

Thanks to anonymous for the following additions and improvements:
Added more interactions with Whitney after they whore the PC out at the park, depending on how the event ends and the PC's relationship with Whitney.
Added a variant of the possession scene in the underwater prison for players with tentacles disabled.
Added a scene for climaxing during blackjack if Wren and the PC are female.
Added a unique hypnosis line for metal tentacles, written by Crimson Tide.
Added another passout scene to the landfill.

Balance Changes
Shackled feet now makes the journey through the rut beneath the prison increase stress.
Kylar's attempts at sensual dancing now lower arousal. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Added the option to resist Eden's rescue at the farm. Thanks to anonymous.
Added the athletic trait to the sports bra. Thanks to Cord.
Strip club security will now let PCs who work there use the dressing room at closing time, should they be insufficiently dressed, rather than giving them towels and kicking them out.
Whitney will now give the PC a cut of the profits after whoring them out at the park if they're dating. Thanks to anonymous.
Begging not to be whored out by Whitney no longer works if they aren't dating the PC. Thanks to anonymous.
Fighting Whitney when they attempt to whore the PC out no longer lowers love. Thanks to anonymous.
The forced masturbation scene in the underwater prison is now accessible to non-lactating female PCs. Thanks to anonymous.

Bug Fixes
Exposing Whitney in maths class now succeeds and fails when intended.
Refusing to bow your head during prayer will now increase inmate respect as advertised.
Fixed a bug that prevented combat with Whitney during the parasite scene ending when the PC is disabled by pain. Thanks to Anon.
Taking an eerie tentacle in your mouth at the mirror now increments stats appropriately. Thanks to Anon.
Chestjobs given will no longer increase every turn while giving a single chestjob. Thanks to Anon.
The "Urinated on" stat will now increase during beast encounters.
The pound will now respect the blind stats setting. Thanks to Crimson Tide. 
Allowed a street molester to reach orgasm. Thanks to TonyFox.
Wrangled an NPC in the farm shopping sequence. Thanks to TonyFox.
Fixed a bug that prevented applying contact lenses via preset. Thanks to Perry.
Fixed a furniture error. Thanks to Jimmy.
The PC's penis size should now be properly disabled when the PC's gender is changed to female. Thanks to xao.
Fixed a bug that hid a passage in the adult shop. Thanks to hwp.
Abominations' tentacles now use their owners' pronouns. Thanks to anonymous.
Your clothes now get fixed after the abduction scenario. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Shop icons should now be properly scaled down when the window is reduced on mobile. Thanks to xao.
Fixed a bug that prevented a small Kylar scene from triggering. Thanks to Anon.
Fixed a bug with divine transformation parts disappearing after penetration.
Fixed an issue with Kylar's determination of the PC's gender. Thanks to Jimmy.
Fixed the leak in the barn roof. Thanks to TonyFox.
Corrected several gender checks. Thanks to TonyFox.
Fixed the accessory colour for new characters' school shirt.
Took the dolphins to a urologist and fixed a soft lock. Thanks to definitely_not_a_cop.
Fixed a bug that prevented Alex's dominance and love to go negative, preventing certain dialogue from triggering.
Thanks to Cord for fixing grammar issues.
Thanks to TonyFox for typo fixes.
Thanks to anonymous for typo and minor fixes.

Thanks to braymann for the following fixes:
Fixed plant people becoming contortionists while trying to kiss you.
Fixed NPCs turning the player into a contortionist in order to make you suck their breast.
Fixed a typo when plant people retract their tentacles after an encounter.
You are no longer able to take more pills than intended.
Fixed an error related to the scene viewer.
Beauty will no longer increase infinitely.
Female PCs with strap-ons will now be able to gain Strap-on Use skill again.
The Black Dog will now appear in the "Persistent NPCs" settings.
Dolphins will no longer grow legs in order to urinate on the player.
School status will no longer be able to go into the negatives or above the max.
Overall School Performance is now able to reach "Exemplary" again, allowing the Perfect Record feat to be obtainable again as well.
You will no longer earn Distinctions earlier than intended.
Typo fixes.



0.3.10.5
Added an event to the sea.
Added an antique.
Domus and Danube Street flavour text now takes rain and snow into account at dawn, dusk, and night.
When dancing, you can now choose which watching NPC to dance near, controlling who'll show up for most events. Private dances still use the first NPC for now.
Added a tooltip to peeking during blackjack. Thanks to definitely_not_a_cop.
Added the "Storm" theme. Thanks to Perry.

Bug Fixes
Fixed an issue with Safari. Thanks to Jimmy.
Fixed Kylar's confusion about the PC's gender at the manor. Thanks to Jimmy.
Thanks to Jimmy for minor fixes.
Improved blackjack code, removing a brief load time. Thanks to definitely_not_a_cop.
Fixed a bug that removed the option to peek during blackjack. Thanks to definitely_not_a_cop.
Fixed an error found during blackjack. Thanks to definitely_not_a_cop.
Kylar should no longer show up in their room when they should be in prison. Thanks to hwp.
The random clothing feat boost can no longer give you random hoods. Thanks to braymann.

Thanks to TonyFox for the following fixes:
Fixed a bug that broke Kylar underwear scenes.
Removed some excess arousal messages.
Reworded a hallway passage.
Students no longer wrap arms around waste.
Clarified a journal entry.
Typo fixes.

Thanks to anonymous for the following fixes:
Having sex with Whitney at the orphanage now properly raises Kylar's jealousy if you have their Stockholm syndrome trait.
Slamming the door in a bully's face at the orphanage is no longer listed as a defiant action if the PC isn't defiant.
The Traits tab no longer lists Kylar's Stockholm syndrome trait in the prison if you don't actually have the trait.
Orphans no longer manifest in the deserted living room when bringing Whitney to the orphanage at night.
Kylar's owl plushie can now be recovered from Bailey's office at night if you chose to give it to an orphan.
Added a warning that Kylar's owl plushie will replace the current decoration in your room, if applicable.
Submitting to a street molester is now listed as a promiscuity 2 act, rather than 1.
Typo fixes.


0.3.10.4
Reduced the size of image files. Thanks to note leven.
Thanks to Perry for minor improvements to UI styling.
Thanks to TonyFox for code improvements.

Bug fixes
Fixed a bug that caused the love of many NPCs to cap at 50%.
Fixed some calculation issues with the ancient threat's offspring. Thanks to note leven.
Fixed a bug that hid some text during the Robin pillory sequence. Thanks to JamesAbrams.
Reintroduced the succubus sprite for the doggy position. Thanks to Jimmy.
Separated the chimera parts if disabled in the menu. Thanks to Jimmy. 
Fixed an issue with the save system. Thanks to TonyFox.
Fixed a couple of issues found when offering vaginal to two NPCs at once. Thanks to JamesAbrams.
Fixed some rare issues with hoodie save compatibility. Thanks to braymann.
The swarm encounter in the sex shop will no longer ignore the swarm toggle. Thanks to braymann.
Fixed a bug where automatic clothing rebuy might use the wrong color when re-buying custom color clothing. Thanks to braymann.

Thanks to TonyFox for the following fixes:
Fixed some issues with mobile compatibility.
Fixed a broken link in the smuggler den.
Unlocked some temple events that were hidden by accident.
Kylar no longer drags the fountain from the park into the school library to surprise you.
SHoving Eden off you is now a defiant act.
Morgan is no longer living in the past (tense).
Fixed an issue with Kylar's genitalia on old saves. Thanks to hwp.


0.3.10.3
Thanks to Jimmy for code improvements.
Fixed a pronoun issue when rescuing an orphan as a demon on Domus Street.
Fixed an error found when loading autosaves from a previous version. Thanks to Jimmy.
Adjusted the transformation option UI at the mirror. Thanks to Jimmy.
Removed the outdated watersports hint. Thanks to Jimmy.
Fixed a bug that would let you restore the hood of a broken hoodie. Thanks to braymann.
Fixed a couple bugs with hoodies in the clothing shop. Thanks to braymann.
Fixed misaligned sidebar links on some devices. Thanks to Perry.

Thanks to note leven for the following fixes:
Fixed an error on the statistics overlay.
Fixed a compatibility issue with older browsers.
Fixed an issue with the monster hoodie.
Consensual sex will no longer increase stress.
The owl plushie will no longer materialise from the void.
Caught a thief that stole the towels from the bathrom.
Deviant behaviour will now be recognised once more.
Steel blue is no longer red.
Typo fixes.


0.3.10.2
Hid some stats in the statistics overlay when associated toggles are disabled. Thanks to note leven.
Fixed an issue with hoods in the wardrobe. Thanks to note leven.
Fixed an error found during a maths event. Thanks to note leven.
Fixed a bug where outfits that have a hoodie can cause errors due to the new hood system. Thanks to braymann.

Thanks to Crimson Tide, braymann, and anonymous for the following fixes:
Prevents some links from appearing when chatting with Kylar when they're leaving.
Updates some Kylar chats and teases to take the manor into account.
Kylar no longer abducts you if you already have Stockholm syndrome.
Kylar's Stockholm syndrome trait no longer shows in the traits menu if Kylar is dismissed.
Kylar's dominance is set back to 0 when leaving the manor abduction scene.
Removes repeat text from some results of Kylar's abduction rage scene.
NPCs no longer piss through strap-ons.
NPCs no longer piss on you after consensual encounters.
Resetting an NPC's virginity in the cheats menu now also resets the active NPC's virginity if they're currently active in an event.
Fixed some dead links.
Fixed an issue with the farm in backComp.
Removes a feat earn where it doesn't make sense.
Fixes an issue with the wardrobe and broken clothing.
You can no longer ask to be rougher while being choked.
The landfill compare scene's rng is no longer dependent on the previous rng value.
Fixed some bad love interest logic in Remy's farm.
The "Urinated on" stat should now function properly.
Updates some links to use proper capitalization.
Typo fixes.


0.3.10.1
Vines in tentacle encounters now hypnotise with pollen rather than light. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
If Kylar is the PC's love interest and they kept the owl plushie, they now acknowledge it after masturbating in their room.
Thanks to Crimson Tide and shikiyoku for code improvements.

Balance Changes
The manor abduction sequence will no longer begin if the PC already has Stockholm Syndrome: Kylar.

Bug Fixes
Fixed a deadlock within mirror reflections. Thanks to Jimmy.
Fixed an issue with demon transformation colouring on the encounter sprites. Thanks to Jimmy.
Fixed a combat error. Thanks to Jimmy.
Fixed a bug where the PC's clothes would get wet while you're inside Kylar's Manor when it's raining outside. Thanks to braymann.
Kylar will no longer give you an orgasm so good it breaks the game. Thanks to braymann.
Thanks to braymann for fixing some other variables.

Thanks to Crimson Tide for the following fixes:
Fixed a few instances of stress failing to change when intended.
Fixed a number of issues that could break variables.
Added a missing link in a demon encounter.
You can now take care of the owl plushie while not wearing underwear.
The cowled figure from the temple will no longer stalk the PC endlessly.
Typo fixes.

Thanks to TonyFox for the following fixes:
Fixed an error with hallucinations.
Exams now raise grades once again.
Fixed an issue found when Kylar admires bodywriting.
Fixed some issues with pain.
Fixed an issue with Kylar's pronouns.
Links in the mirror-appearance check now perform as intended.
Fixed an issue with a clothing widget.
Fixed an issue with farm wages.

Thanks to hwp for the following fixes:
Fixed a bug a bug at the pharmacy found if visited on the first day of a playthrough.
Fixed a wardrobe bug foudn when trying to equip an outfit after getting out of bed.
Fixed a bug found when NPCs begin an encounter by trying to give oral.
Fixed a bug that caused underwear to prevent the sleep clothing bonus.
Fixed a bug that cause daily corruption gain instead of loss.
Fixed a bug that prevented the PC from tending the garden.
Fixed a bug found when buying items from the pharmacy.
Fixed a bug that gave the ancient threat virginities.
Fixed a bug found during Kylar encounters.
Fixed a bug with the deviancy widget.

Thanks to anonymous for the following fixes:
Fixed errors found when warning Kylar about your love interest in the manor.
The PC can now bring up Avery as a love interest when warning Kylar about your love interests in the manor.
Fixed a bug that made demon PCs seduce the wrong NPC on Domus Street.
NPCs should on longer be able to urinate through strap-ons.
Typo fixes.


0.3.10.0
Added an abduction scenario involving Kylar.
Added the Stockholm Syndrome: Kylar, Hypnotic Suggestion, and Hypnotic Yearning traits.
Kylar can now give the PC a gift at high love.
Added some other events involving Kylar.
Demon PCs can now climb through windows at night on Domus Street in search of "prey".
Added Kylar's manor to Danube Street. Needs to be discovered before it can be visited.
Added cheating options and suspicion mechanics to Blackjack. You can mark cards, and attempt to peek as cards are dealt. Higher skulduggery makes cheating easier. Being caught can be dangerous. Thanks to definitely_not_a_cop.
Added a Cheating Guide beneath the Blackjack Guide, explaining mechanics in more detail. Thanks to definitely_not_a_cop.
Added a couple of Whitney events to the town's streets.
Added a scene with Morgan to the sewers. Written by Kurjutta, coded by Crimson Tide.
Added a scene with Whitney to the park. Written by Handsomepaesant, coded by Crimson Tide.
Angry NPCs can now urinate on the PC after orgasming during non-consensual encounters, if watersports is enabled.
Added "Urinated on" to statistics.
Added some text to the pharmacy nurse. Thanks to hwp.
You can now ask NPCs to be rougher with you. Requires the "Guilty Masochist" or higher trait for consensual encounters, and the "Hardened Masochist" or higher trait for non-consensual encounters.
The "Hypnotic Yearning" trait can make the PC beg for rougher treatment instead of screaming. The effect can be resisted by willpower. Being hypnotised multiple times will transform the effect into something stronger.
Some NPCs are now hypnotists, and can hypnotise the PC during combat, inflicting the "Hypnotic Yearning" trait, increasing masochism, or making the PC orgasm at once. Doctor Harper is always a hypnotist, and generic NPCs have a 1% chance of generating as such. Iridescent, incandescent, translucent, blooming, wired, and convulsing tentacles can also hypnotise the PC, and increase sadism instead of masochism.
Other headwear can now be worn alongside a hoodie if the hood is down. Thanks to braymann.
You can now hitchhike outside town while in a state of partial undress, such as when wearing exposed underwear or plant clothes, but it's more dangerous.
Added a rare event to the school hallways. It's more dangerous than most.
Added an exposure event to the school hallways.
Added the "Pose for camera" hand action to encounters with audiences, including audience reactions.
Adjusted the monster hoodie colour, gave it the option of custom colours, and renamed the base colour.
Adds a confirmation menu when loading a save into an older version. In effect from this version onwards. Reloading the current session into an older version also gives a passage confirming the action. Thanks to Jimmy.
You can now use the reflective surface of water as a mirror at the wolf cave, lake shore, and Remy's farm. Thanks to Jimmy.
Added small events to the landfill, moor, sea, and wolf cave.
Added a Theme switcher control to the "Options" overlay, letting you choose between "Dark", "Nord", "Zenburn", "Monokai" and "System default". "System default" sets a theme depending on system colour preference. Thanks to shikiyoku and February.
Added some flavour text to Sam at the cafe.
Added padding to the overlay menu, and adjusted the stats border. Thanks to February.
Added "hood up/down" and "tuck/untuck shirt" buttons to the clothing shop. Thanks to hwp.
Added art for 21 bodywriting lines as they appear on the PC, alongside code improvements. Thanks to KiraaCorsac.
Added the demon-cat tail and demon-cow horns chimera parts. Coded by Jimmy, with sprites and design by Sir OniHeimer, Eleisea Eisenwald, and Aussie.
Added colour controls to the demon transformation part window. Thanks to Jimmy.
Performance improvements.
Thanks to Crimson Tide for more appropriate NPC ejaculations after winning a fight.
Thanks to Crimson Tide, Jimmy, shikiyoku, February, Rukarin, hwp, and note leven for code improvements.
Added the "Longing", "Pagan Rite", and "The Value of Pain" feats.

Thanks to lifeAnime for the following additions and improvements:
Added toggle or cat transformation heterochromia to the mirror options.
The currently selected hairstyle is now highlighted in yellow when selecting styles at the mirror.
Added hotkeys to the show/re-equip clothes button at clothing shops.
Improved the custom colour shop UI, and added import/export buttons for the colour's code.
Adjusted the random colour option at the clothing shop, making it pick more usable colours.

Balance Changes
You can now talk with Robin at max trauma. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Some effects that increase submissiveness or defiance are now more powerful.
The impact on submissiveness from combat actions now differs by action, with more extreme actions having a bigger impact.
Adjusted the strength of some + and - Pain effects, notably the reduction when protecting yourself in combat.
Seducing the hospital nurse with a small penis now has a chance of success. Thanks to hwp.
Prostitution fame now increases allure. Thanks to TonyFox.
Gwylan is now always active in the forest shop. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Stealing in prison now gives you shark's teeth. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
PCs with decent history are no longer clueless about the sewers. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
You can now choose to keep your mask on when changing during the dance jobs. Thanks to stalesandwich.

Bug Fixes
Fixed a bug that made masochism reduce the impact of - pain effects.
Wrangled an escaped NPC in the underground brothel.
Fixed a bug that caused the pharmacy nurse to ignore settings. Thanks to hwp.
Fixed an issue with eye colour on old saves. Thanks to lifeAnime.
It's no longer possible to load a separate save in ironman mode, as this would just cause the ironman save to be lost. Thanks to lifeAnime.
Fixed some dead links.
Fixed a bug that allowed the PC and Kylar to interact in the park indefinitely.
Losing virginity during the Raul and Janet story should no longer autosave. Thanks to lifeAnime.
Fixed an issue with the automatic taking of pills. Thanks to lifeAnime.
Waking up drenched in cum is now only possible if settings allow NPCs to have a penis. Thanks to hwp.
Fixed some NPC description issues during an event at the adult shop.
The intro and sidebar text will no longer indicate that "school starts tomorrow" on a winter start.
Fixed a rogue NPC released when blindfolded on the street.
Fixed an issue with the exposed status of shoulder writing. Thanks to N1ck and Jimmy.
Using your mouth to satisfy a horse on the farm will no longer switch to using your hand mid-sequence, rendering the intended passage inaccessible. Thanks to Ybyx.
Fixed a few errors within errors. Thanks to note leven.
Stopped Whitney hacking into the list of potential love interests from the dungeon. Thanks to note leven.
Fixed a bug that caused Charlie to forget when they had offered you a job. Thanks to stalesandwich.
Fixed a bug that caused underclothes to break the fatigue reduction bonus. Thanks to hwp.
Fixed a bug that prevented NPCs being properly undressed in certain scenes. Thanks to hwp.
Thanks to hwp, Jimmy and TonyFox for typo fixes.

Thanks to Crimson Tide for the following fixes:
Fixed a bug that caused Robin to gain trauma long after rescuing them.
Added the pregnancy speech check to some lines that were missing them.
Fixed an ejaculation issue.
Fixed some issues found when an NPC tries to call the PC lad/lass.
Fixed an issue with custom wallpaper and posters.
Other minor fixes.
Kissing Whitney after getting a tattoo now advertises promiscuity, and warns about kiss virginity.
Mild adjustment to the ancient threat's nicknames, allowing for purely nice variants regardless of anger.
The scientist in the compound is now a proper scientist.
Wren no longer acts like you've never met at the docks.
Fixed an error found after avoiding wolves beneath the hospital.
When abducted in the beach cave, the white blindfold is no longer described as black.
Desperate exhibitionism 3 acts will now impact control and trauma appropriately.
Typo Fixes.

Thanks to Jimmy for the following fixes:
Robin will no longer be accosted and taken to the underground brothel with you during the hospital escape.
All mentions of time in dialogue should now use the style chosen in settings.
The fluids used during the swarm show at the brothel will now depend on settings.
Makeup should no longer break the PC's eye colour.
Fixed an error found during the masturbation scene in Jordan's room.
Fixed an issue with butt plugs.
Typo fixes.

Thanks to braymann for the following fixes:
The option to strip out of your clothes in history class after getting covered in itching powder will now show its exhibitionism requirement.
The Random Clothing feat boost will no longer be able to give you more clothes than the new smaller wardrobe can handle.
You will no longer be unable to continue dancing after having an orgasm if you're too good at dancing.
Leaving Alex's barn will no longer throw you out of the farm when not intended.
Briar will now mention the repaired sex machine when setting up shows even when you don't have the promiscuity required to use it.
The game will no longer prevent you from fingering yourself if both hands are touching your pussy at the same time.
Fixed an error when choosing a clothing item in the shop that can have custom colours.
Trying on and buying clothes in the clothing shop will no longer cause parts of your previous outfit to disappear.

Thanks to TonyFox for the following fixes:
Fixed a bug that prevented some content during the adult shop intro sequence from triggering.
Caption text should no longer be hidden by an extended stats bar.
Fixed an issue with Robin's gender when being arrested at the hospital.
Fixed an instance of money not being colourised in text.
Fixed two scenes that erroneously become inaccessible if bestiality was disabled.
Closed the black hole in the Dance Studio changing room that was swallowing old clothes when you stripped new ones.
Swimming events now properly check your outfits first.
Whitney's tattoo event will now properly detect your bodywriting BEFORE removing it.
Struggle events can once again use mouth.
Dancing with a skirt on works with and without underwear.
You can no longer kiss an NPC on the lips, if that NPC is already titfucking you.
Wrangled many escaped NPCs in the adult shop.



0.3.9.3
Added a dog pound icon, with an additional rusted effect during rainy weather. Art courtesy of Conhue, and coded by Jimmy.
Thanks to anonymous for code improvements.

Bug Fixes
Fixed a save compatibility issue with Niki's studio. Thanks to TonyFox.
Fixed a broken link during the pound imprisonment sequence.
Fixed a broken link during the landfill milkshake scene.
Fixed an issue caused by rescuing Robin from the pillory.
Tending should now improve when sweeping the pound, and going along with the interrupting NPC.
Wrangled an escaped NPC in the prison.
Added proper stat changes to one of the adult shop Whitney scenes.
Fixes a broken image tag which prevented the combat facial features from properly rendering. Thanks to lifeanime.
Ensured heterochromia eye colours work correctly in combat for missionary. Thanks to lifeanime.
Disabled teleport cheats while in a clothing shop to prevent wardrobe breakage. Thanks to anonymous.
Fixed an issue found when loading an ironman save on a new patch. Thanks to Jimmy.
Fixed an issue with lewd clothing. Thanks to Jimmy.
Fixed an error at the underground lake found if arrive from anywhere but the underground brothel. Thanks to Jimmy.
Fixed a bug caused by cheating status and sequence breaking the black dog arc. Thanks to anonymous.


0.3.9.2
Dogs will no longer act like humans during an encounter in the pound. Thanks to braymann.
Fixed an issue caused by penetration/evelopment during certain encounters. Thanks to Kegdo.
Fixed a compatibility issue with fame. Thanks to Jimmy.
Fixed Joiplay save issues. Thanks to Jimmy.
Fixed an issue with socks not rendering properly in combat. Thanks to Jimmy.

Thanks to anonymous for the following fixes:
Successfully scolding a dog while washing it no longer forces you to work another shift.
Fixed an issue preventing the pound's staff from catching the PC after getting knotted.
Niki's modelling should now properly indicate that an audience is present.
Fixed a softlock when hanging out with Robin until nightfall.
Fixed layering issues with the dreads and ruffled hairstyles.
Fixed an error when masturbating in bed.
Fixed an error with custom posters.
Typo fixes.


0.3.9.1
Added Robin's rent fight to the scene viewer. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Added icons for the skimpy lolita dress and short ballgown. Thanks to anonymous.
The dog pound's collars will no longer trigger automatic clothing rebuy and now require the police station's assistance to remove. Thanks to anonymous.
Added an export button when some errors are encountered. Thanks to Jimmy.
Morgan can now lactate during encounters. Thanks to hwp.
Thanks to Jimmy, Crimson Tide and hwp for code improvements.

Bug Fixes
Fixed a bug that sometimes prevented clothes getting wet in the rain. Thanks to note leven.
Fixed an issue with Kylar's basement scene. Thanks to hwp.
Increased hte arousal gain for vaginal fisting. Thanks to hwp.
Thanks to note leven and Crimson Tide for typo fixes.
Fixed an issue with autosaves. Thanks to Jimmy and raahs.
Fixed some broken bodywriting images on Android.

Thanks to Jimmy for the following fixes:
Fixed an issue with ruffled hair.
Fixed an issue with the "Rise" option in the pound bed.
Fixed an issue in the underground lake.
Fixed and issue with the furniture price factor setting.
Fixed an issue with the tooltip menu.
Fixed an issue with the scen viewer.
Typo fixes.

Thanks to anonymous for the following fixes:
Getting your clothes snagged while walking the dogs no longer acts as if your clothes were ruined if they're still intact.
Changed some lines that always referred to beasts, regardless of the player's beast/monster settings.
Escaping the pound after investigating the office no longer leaves you stuck in a muzzle.
Fixed some scenes that were unaffected by pound status where they were supposed to be.
Teasing the pound's dogs after hours is now properly considered a deviant act.
Fixed an issue where Eden wouldn't properly strip you after kidnapping you.
Fixed a line for male/herm PCs at the dog show that wouldn't trigger.
Fixed a line while sweeping at the pound that wouldn't trigger.
Removed some repeating text from Whitney's milkshake scene.
Fixed errors when losing your virginity to non-human NPCs.
Female dogs no longer ejaculate semen in certain scenes.
Fixed a soft-lock after getting punished in the pound.
You can no longer work at the pound while naked.
Typo fixes.


0.3.9.0
Bailey will now try to leverage Robin's safety should the PC take their debt and prove particularly adept at avoiding paying it. Thanks to RobinFanatic.
Added a dog pound to Starfish Street, where the PC can find work.
Added a pass out scenario to the town.
Adjusted some events on the town's streets.
It's now possible to pick a starting season in the Character Creation tab(Random, Winter, Spring, Summer, Autumn). The game will start on the chosen season's fourth day(March 4th, June 4th etc). Defaults to Autumn.
Added an event found when asking for work on Danube Street. Written by Kylar_Stan and coded by Kegdo, with help from anonymous.
Added art for 10 or so bodywriting lines as they appear on the PC, alongside renderer modifications. Thanks to KiraaCorsac.
Added anal pregnancy information to Extra Statistics. Thanks to elRoig.
Improved sidebar formatting code, bringing Safari in line with Chrome and Firefox. Thanks to erutheae.
Added a "Enable dialogue references to impregnating, or being impregnated, by the PC" toggle to the Settings page.
Added ejaculation lines for named NPCs ejaculating when frotting their ass against you.
Rewrote a plantperson scene to account for different clothing types.
Remade temple and drain location art. Thanks to Conhue.
Added teleportation options to the cheat menu. Thanks to Frostberg and Silver.
Added another option to one of Robin's crossdressing scenes. Thanks to anonymous.
Added icons for the "Asylum" and "Hidden" clothes traits. Thanks to anonymous.
Adjusted the location art for the factory. Thanks to anonymous.
Added short spiky, bubble tail, curly side up, heart braid and loop braid side hair styles. Art courtesy of Mira.
Added the ruffled hair style. Art courtesy of 3hp.
Added the skimpy lolita dress to the clothing shop. Art courtesy of 3hp.
Added the short ballgown and high top trainers to the clothing shop. Art courtesy of birb.
Adjusted the art for the open shoulders crop top. Thanks to birb.
Added a beer icon to the pub, and coffee icon to the cafe. Art courtesy of Conhue.
Adjusted the temple location icons. Normal images courtesy of Conhue and winter images courtesy of Swaggy Bookshelf.
Added new location art for Remy's farm. Normal images courtesy of Conhue and winter images courtesy of Swaggy Bookshelf.
Added spotted black and spotted brown ears for the cow transformation. Added blue, lime, red, and yellow parts for the demon transformation. Art courtesy of Mr Aussie Man.
Added the trident fringe hairstyle. Art courtesy of Myoran.
Added new icons for horse, knotted, and normal strap-ons. Art courtesy of ΩMEGA.
Added a simple ownership count to the clothes store viewer menu. Thanks to Jimmy.
Thanks to Jimmy for debug improvements.
Thanks to klorpa for numerous minor code improvements.
Thanks to Jimmy, TonyFox and Rukarin for code improvements.
Added the "Pound Runt", "Pound Alpha", "Pound Liberator" and "Pounded Pound" feats.

Thanks to RobinFanatic for the following additions and improvements:
Taking on Robin's debt, romancing them, and failing to pay Bailey will now result in one of four new punishments for Robin. Thanks to Crimson Tide for help with the brothel sequence, Harcher with the Danube dinner sequence, and Fangi for help with the pillory.
Added unique comments on their punishments for Robin when you visit them in their room.
The PC can now sleep in Robin's room when romantically involved, or when Robin is too traumatised to sleep on their own.
Added a scene for when waking up in Robin's room.
Robin will now sleep with the player when they're traumatised, and have nightmares when horny.
Added new dialogue variations when talking to Robin about their trauma.
Added variation when walking Robin home in the rain.
Robin's trauma reduction now gets less potent as they experience more punishments.
Trauma variations added to Robin's lemonade and chocolate stands, as well as other scenes.
Thanks to Harcher for some of the writing.
Thanks to hwp for help with Robin's bed code, writing and bug fixes. Thanks to b0mbyx, anonymous and Bathory666 for help testing.

Thanks to Kegdo for the following additions and improvements. Furniture additions include lots of code by Jimmy:
Moved the date info from characteristics tab to journal, added information about the chosen starting season to it.
Moved the info about carrying items(stolen goods, antiques, lurkers etc.) to journal tab.
Added a furniture shop, letting the PC buy wardrobes, tables, beds, chairs, and decorations for their room. Premade and custom posters can also be bought.
Improved beds provide greater fatigue reduction.
Added the option to masturbate in your bedroom, if you have a bed with the "comfy" trait.
Added the option to adjust furniture cost in Settings. Thanks to Jimmy.
Added icons for the new furniture.
Added aphrodisiac pills to Sirris' shop, usable while masturbating.
Added new location art for the sewers and underground. Thanks to Kegdo.
Added winter art for the temple. Thanks to Kegdo.
Code improvements.
Egg.

Thanks to Bathory666 for the following additions and improvements:
Reworked dildo on penis rubbing.
Added more flavour text for the PC's use of dildos on NPC pussies. Written with Stale Sandwich.
Worn sex toys such as butt plugs and anal beads are now described on the sidebar.
Added text for when the PC rubs their butt against a beast's mouth.

Thanks to Crimson Tide for the following additions and improvements:
Added an event to the town's streets, involving a flasher, and an opportunity for exhibitionism. Written by Nameless.
Overhauled the trash boys event. You can now encounter girls, who show off their breasts. Text is now dependent on generated body part sizes. The event no longer requires milkshake to trigger.
Added a plantperson event to the forest, and another to the moor.
The ancient threat can now hunt you through the sewers. This includes a possessed fight against Morgan.
The ancient threat now calls you "affectionate" little nicknames.
Rearranged the ancient threat's stalking lines a little.
Added a few new combat lines for the ancient threat.
Possessed combat now has a unique link span. Thanks to Jimmy for help with CSS.
Code improvements.

Thanks to hwp for the following additions:
Added content for Whitney discovering your gender while forcing you to expose yourself on the street. Coded by hwp, and written by hwp with help from anonymous.
Kylar now wears different underwear daily.
Expanded the Kylar underwear reveal/take scenes, and added content found when Kylar is asked to remove their underwear while wearing a skirt, and having a penis.
Expanded Kylar's school bathroom sex scene. 
Expanded on Kylar's lewd loft reward scene a little.
Added a bit more content for herm characters when Robin finishes you off after lunchtime sex. Thanks to hwp.
Code improvements.

Balance Changes
Reduced initial wardrobe size to 20, but expansions are now available. Thanks to Kegdo.
Dog encounters with a unique outcome should the PC be knotted will now always result in the PC being knotted if vaginally or anally penetrated at the encounter's end.
Adjusted plantperson virginity rates. They're now 5% as likely to be virgins as students, with 100% chance to be virgins at 100% student virginity. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
You no longer require deviancy to accept plantpeople's seductions, if you have Plant Lover/Dendrophile. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Niki now loves you even if you're being blackmailed. Thanks to TonyFox.
The time for a modeling job now depends on how much you model. Thanks to TonyFox.
Exhibitionistic PCs now have the option to forgo clothes after dancing for Charlie's friends. Thanks to anonymous.
Drunkenly falling off a table while dancing now causes clothing damage. Thanks to anonymous.
Sirris will now pay you for helping set up their shop, as promised. Thanks to anonymous.
NPCs now prefer to use dildos on pussies, rather than penises.
NPCs can no longer spawn sex toys at will, and must already have them when generated. Thanks to Bathory666.
Human NPCs are significantly less likely to penetrate butt plugs. Thanks to Bathory666.
Vaginal/penile sex with Sydney after the rite of promise will no longer lower the PC's maximum purity or remove the angel transformation. Sex with anyone else still will. Thanks to Kegdo.
Dock status will now appear in the cheat menu once unlocked regardless of the PC's location.
Many more skill checks will now take stat modifications into account. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Changed an event that casually shared your gender with Kylar. It no longer triggers until Kylar is already sure of the PC's gender. Thanks to hwp.
The Kylar handjob street scene is now available when feet are disabled. Only the specific option involving feet remains. Thanks to hwp.
Kylar may now refuse to enter the opposite sex's bathroom when asked. They'll suggest using the other. Thanks to hwp.
Kylar will now react immediately after you masturbate to orgasm During English class while they're present.

Bug Fixes
Fixed gifting and combat issues with strap-ons. Thanks to webbie47.
Fixed a leak in Eden's roof. Thanks to Kegdo.
Thanks to klorpa for spelling fixes.
Fixed some NPC issues.
Rounded up some rogue NPCs freed during the dance party on Domus Street.
Modeling money generation now properly counts the number of audience members. Thanks to TonyFox.
The modeling job will no longer say "men and women" if only one gender is present. Thanks to TonyFox.
The modeling job will no longer say "Three men and women". Thanks to TonyFox.
Fixed some inaccurate links found when Whitney meets the PC on the town's streets.

Thanks to Jimmy for the following fixes:
Fixed an error when wearing a strapon without lower clothing.
Fixed one of the clerk events where an incorrect sex reference was used.
Included an alternative dialogue for the babydoll option in the Grand Opening, if the PC is wearing underwear.
Fixed Whitney's panties check, will not use the correct pronouns, and will specifically mention the butt plug, instead of toy.
Fixed infinite "npc removes buttplug" actions being taken.
Fixed as issue with NPC strap-ons.
Fixed an error occurring within the clothing storage, when preparing to sleep.
Fixed incorrect price tags on clothing items when viewing all categories at once.
Fixed spraycans breaking health values.
Fixed a bug that caused errors during ejaculation.
Fixed an image that failed to display for non-white NPC skin colours.
Removed an NPC speech line from gloryhole encounters that implied visibility to the PC.
Fixed a rogue NPC in the temple.
Fixed NPC escaping from a dance event kitchen task.
Fixed a compatibility issue.
Minor dialogue and typo fixes.

Thanks to anonymous for the following fixes:
Parasites in the PC's chastity belt will no longer stay inside them after its destruction by supernatural forces.
Fixed an event that didn't account for the player's nude gender appearance settings.
Fixed issues with the gold anklets' combat sprites.
Wrangled some escaped NPCs.
Made the way Remy decides how to punish the PC upon recapture more straightforward, and corrected a case of a dog always being female regardless of settings.
The "Robin's Song" feat will no longer be unobtainable if you choose to cuddle Robin in the infirmary. Saves already past that scene will be awarded the feat retroactively.
Moved some of the dancing job code around to prevent weird situations where Charlie would interrupt their own intro and steal your money.
Sydney will no longer punish you for returning a book while school's out regardless of whether or not it was overdue.
Sydney refusing a gifted strap-on no longer results in them obtaining one anyway.
Fixed some mixed-up options during one of Whitney's street events.
Fixed a softlock when rescued by Eden at the forests lake.
Fixed the option to give Sydney a strap-on not appearing.
Typo fixes.

Thanks to braymann for the following fixes:
Throwing a net will no longer reset your left hand, even if you threw it with your right.
Fixed a bug where losing your virginity without becoming a fallen angel would prevent you from ever becoming a demon.
Avery will now have pet names for players with the harpy transformation.
Seducing the tower guard and having sex will now increase their security skill.
The "Ejaculated in others" stat will no longer increase when an NPC orgasms on your penis.
The correct breast sprites will now be used while wearing only nipple tape.
Meditating will no longer cause the forest lake to be covered in ice in the middle of summer.
NPCs will no longer be able to press their breasts against you through a wall.
Fixed a bug where the event where two wolves attack you in the forest can become consensual after you beat one of them up.
Fixed an unreachable bit of dialogue with Sydney where PC can recognize a book as the one that Eden reads to you.

Thanks to Bathory666 for the following fixes:
Fix the button for gifting strap-ons.
Fixed love interests using strap-ons without being given one.
Named NPCs with strap-ons no longer ejaculate.
Fix for right hand sex toy vaginal masturbation.
Ejaculation line for named NPCs ejaculating while frotting their ass against you.
Fix for wearing multiple anal toys at once.
Anal fingering now respects butt plugs.
Beast penises will no longer penetrate butt plugs on their own.

Thanks to hwp for the following fixes:
Fixed a bug that made oral-only encounters just a little confusing for clothed NPCs under certain conditions.
Fixed the pharmacy's list of "already owned" contact lens colors being formatted incorrectly.
Fixed some pronoun typos in the new Danube House scene (the one contributed by Kegdo)
Fixed a pronoun issue in one of the history class events.
Fixed a clothing typo in a forest event.
Fixed a Robin pronoun issue.
Typo fixes.

Thanks to Crimson Tide for the following fixes:
Sydney breaking your chastity belt is now displayed through text in the prayer room.
Adjusted some text.
The ancient threat no longer hunts you in the forest even after possessing you.
A Harper scene no longer references Kylar's handholding virginity.
Removed a stray exclamation mark.
Fixes a bug with combat where extremely angry NPCs refused to do anything except finger your asshole.



0.3.8.6
Stopped the journal trying to load the world map in the text-only version.
Fixed a couple of bugs that left phantom buttplugs in place after they were removed. Thanks to Jimmy.
Fixed another issue with sex toy code. Thanks to Jimmy.


0.3.8.5
Fixed a bug that broke the adult shop. Thanks to hwp.


0.3.8.4
Thanks to hwp for code improvements.

Bug Fixes
Fixed an issue with combat. Thanks to Jimmy.
Fixed a debug issue. Thanks to Jimmy.
Fixed a bug that prevented sex toys being used when masturbating. Thanks to hwp.
Cursed items should be removed from the PC's inventory on old saves, should they have acquired them due to bugs. Thanks to hwp.
Thanks to Jimmy and hwp for formatting fixes.


0.3.8.3
Added a toggle to enable/disable toy multiple penetration. Thanks to Bathory666.
Reworked ironman code, fixing a number of issues. Thanks to Jimmy.
Added combat sprites for the cow socks, cow sleeves, armwarmers, gold bracelets and ankle socks. Thanks to anonymous.
Thanks to Jimmy for an April 1st present.
Added sex toy toggles. Thanks to Bathory666.
Rewrote text for stroker NPC actions. Thanks to Bathory666.
Adjusted the sex toy inventory icon. Thanks to Bathory666.

Balance changes
Drinking Morgan's milk will now increase the "Breast milk drank" stat. Thanks to oyea.
Holding Sydney's hands when photographed during the adult shop's opening now takes handholding virginity. Thanks to oyea.

Thanks to Bathory666 for the following balance changes:
NPCs are now more likely to fuck you with dildos and slap you with whips.
NPCs will now smack themselves around with toys less often.
Teens will no longer get sex toys.
NPCs now have a small chance to drop their toys.
NPCs are now less likely to pull out toys.
NPCs are now more likely to envelop with a stroker, but have a small chance of moving the toy away.
Alex, Eden, and Bailey no longer have sex toys.

Bug Fixes
Cats on the moor should no longer appear if beasts and monsters are disabled.
Fixed a bug that prevented Avery from being considered a love interest for the purpose of kissing.
Fixed an issue that could appear when attempting to delete saves. Thanks to note leven.

Thanks to Bathory666 for the following fixes:
Sydney will now remove your cursed gags at the shop if needed.
Sirris will now remove cursed gags in addition to your bound arms, rather than one or the other.
Added missing sprites for the fetish muzzle.
Fixed an issue found when masturbating your clit with a sex toy during masturbation.
Fixed a bug that prevented pulling out a toy when you only have one.
Fixed issues found when NPCs use strokers on the PC, and when the PC uses them during masturbation.
Typo and formatting fixes.

Thanks to Jimmy for the following fixes:
Lying still when threatened by a tattoo machine in the underground brothel now has appropriate text. Thanks to Chubbs.
Cat TF heterochromia now appears correctly in combat encounters.
Fixed an error found in combat.
Adjusted some text in the brothel. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Fixed a bug with lenses.
The PC will no longer take their daily pills if they're held at Eden's cabin without Stockholm syndrome.
Alex will no longer appear outside after 21:00 if they're already asleep in their room.
Formatting fixes.
Typo fixes.

Thanks to anonymous for the following fixes:
When flirting with Robin, they'll no longer mention how good their school day was if they haven't actually gone to school that day.
Adjusted an adult shop scene to be more consistent with its options, and to be more respectful of the facesitting toggle.
Jordan will now actually remove your chastity belt after passing an exam during Sydney's Rite of Promise, as they claim to.
You will no longer automatically wear the stone pendant if you're equipped with a collar when you discover it.
Audience members will no longer comment on your pussy when taking pictures if you're fully clothed.
Sirris will no longer ask for your help at their shop after it's already been unlocked.
Briar will no longer confront you on Connudatus Street while you're possessed.
Fixed an issue with NPCs repeating each other's orgasm lines after combat.
Sirris will now properly unbind you following a scene in the adult shop.
You will no longer take your daily pills while reading the olive book.
Fixed only being able to give Eden a strap-on if they have a penis.
Fixed an error during the Robin/Whitney canteen event.
Fixed an error when cumming while dancing.
Fixed an image issue with the jockstrap.
Fixed an error in the adult shop.
Typo fixes.


0.3.8.2
Improved the combat suffocation code. Thanks to Jimmy.
Improved the heterochromia code. Thanks to Jimmy.
Thanks to Jimmy for other code improvements.

Bug Fixes
Fixed an error found when wearing a damaged muzzle.
If Sirris' adult shop grand opening is taking place, the journal will now indicate such.
Captured some rogue NPCs in the adult shop.
Fixed some transformation issues caused by the fallen angel transformation.

Thanks to Bathory666 for the following fixes.
typos for NPCs commenting on strap-ons
Hidden purchasable chastity items have had the adult shop tag removed so that they don't show up in the new "show all" option at the shop.
Fixed a pronoun in an Alex link. Thanks to Cord and hwp
Fix for leotard bottom sprites messed up. Thanks to oyea
Brothel settings menu takes you back to the brothel instead of the bedroom. Cheers to oyea
missing quote marks in Sydney sex toy reaction line
fixed a pronoun issue with a Leighton scene
fix for dropping strokers in your right hand when used on an NPC
fix for dropping stokers when used on yourself
fix for strokers on penises showing the code name instead of text
reworked the Kylar strap-on gifting scene. Written by Cord and oyea
Sirris will now remove cursed gags at the adult shop.
Typo Fixes.

Thanks to anonymous for the following fixes:
Having your leg bindings removed in prison will no longer read as if you're wearing a ball and chain if you're actually wearing ankle cuffs.
A group of perverts on the street will no longer be surprised by a crossdressing PC's genitals after already seeing them naked.
Leighton will no longer be surprised by the PC's hermaphroditism should they already know about it during penis inspection.
Fixed the Black Wolf incessantly hounding the PC at the lake when they're meant to be accosted by the ancient threat.
When masturbating during encounters, you will no longer feel your genitals beneath your clothing while naked.
The characteristics tab will now properly acknowledge the PC's swimwear with regards to their swimming skill.
You will no longer look over your shoulder after confronting stalkers when they're already assaulting you.
You may no longer set your birdieness to absurdly high or absurdly low values using the cheat menu.
The brothel's sex machine show will no longer have two non-participating humans in the encounter.
Winter will no longer pick up your leash when inspecting your collar if you aren't wearing one.
Fixed missing image errors for the pompoms, cow sleeves, and cow socks during combat.
Fixed a couple of endlessly looping encounters after passing out at the hospital.
Cursed clothing items should no longer trigger automatic clothing rebuy.
Fixed some mixed-up options during the adult shop's opening.
You may no longer kiss NPCs whose mouths are already in use.
Fixed an eye colour issue in one of the ancient threat's scenes.
Fixed issues with Sydney's status during an adult shop scene.
Fixed an error when cuddling with Alex as a fallen angel.
Fixed an error during one of Whitney's street events.
Fixed pronoun issues with a scene in the adult shop.
Fixed an issue with Leighton's brothel scenes.
Hid unfinished code.
Typo fixes.

Thanks to Jimmy for the following fixes:
Ironman mode can now save and load.
Ironman mode now properly autosaves.
Fixed a number of images that would break on some devices.
Other minor fixes.

Thanks to braymann for the following fixes:
Avery will no longer let the player go on a date with them while their underwear or genitals are fully exposed.
Seduction checks will work properly again when you have the "Blind Stats" option enabled.
Fixed an error when the cat transformation decays.
Fixed some NPCs breaking free during Robin's crossdressing scenes.


0.3.8.1
The PC can now initiate kissing on the lips during consensual humna encounters. Thanks to Kegdo.
Added location images for the factory. Art courtesy of pauloc.
Added text for stroker toys at the shop. Thanks to Bathory666.
Added some new lines for Alex reacting to sex toys. Written by Cord and coded by Bathory666.
Added the "Robin's Song" feat.
Thanks to Bathory666 for code improvements.

Bug Fixes
Fixed an error found when Avery refers to the PC by a pet name. Thanks to shun.
Fixed an error found at Alex's farm.
Fixed an error found in the temple.
It should no longer be possible to repeat the adult shop grand opening.
Fixed a bug that prevented toy use among NPCs increasing over time once the adult shop opens. Thanks to anonymous.
Using a strap on will no longer rob you of the angel transformation.
Fixed an issue that broke strap-ons names on some saves. Thanks to Jimmy and Bathory666.

Thanks to Jimmy for the following fixes:
Adds a gray texture for the undershirt right sleeve when covering.
Fixed some issues with heterochromia.
Fixed a couple of issues preventing Whitney taking the PC's first kiss.
Fixed an error found when the PC gains exhibitionism fame.
Typo fixes.

Thanks to Bathory666 for the following fixes:
Fixed an issue with strap-ons giving you a 3hed. Thanks to anonymous.
Fixed an issue found when applying lube to your penis.
Fixed an issue found when gifting strap-ons.
NPCs will no longer slap their face silly with dildos.
Fixed a bug that changed the shape of strap-ons gifted to NPCs.
Fixed an issue with heterochromia text.

Thanks to anonymous for the following fixes:
Restored the options to finger your vagina and move your hand away while masturbating with your left hand.
You may no longer ask Sirris for work at their shop after already accepting the job.
Fixed an issue with the "Cover your penis" action when using list combat controls.
Fixed softlocks when reading Raul and Janet, and when using the scene viewer.
Fixed the player's right eye colour being overwritten after certain scenes.
Fixed some time desynchronisation errors when reading Raul and Janet.
Made some changes to some of Alex's new dialogue at the writer's request.
Offering Whitney a milkshake now properly consumes it.
Fixed an error when tending fields with Alex.
Fixed a case of Robin duplication.
Sydney and Sirris can no longer work the till at the adult shop at the same time.
Fixed human NPCs sometimes being referred to as "it" when undressing.
Fixed some dead-end passages when working at the adult shop.
Fixed issues with the adult shop passout event.
Fixed the PC's handholding virginity being "taken by unknown" after holding hands during combat.
NPCs will no longer cum instantly upon contact with a strap-on.
Fixed Sydney contorting themselves during an adult shop scene.
Fixed Morgan's feet line breaking the game.
Fixed Robin getting their crossdressing clothes mixed with their usual wardrobe.
Confiscated a nun's strap-on.
Fixed an issue with handholding in combat. Thanks to Kegdo.
Typo fixes.


0.3.8.0
Added sex toys, and Sirris' adult shop. Thanks to Bathory666.
Added a Robin crossdressing questline, including many new events. Can trigger after giving Robin a crossdressing outfit on Halloween or Christmas. Written and coded by RobinFanatic, with help from hwp and b0mbyx.
Robin will start crossdressing in more locations as the questline is completed.
Added Robin crossdressing scenes to the scene viewer. Thanks to hwp.
Added ironman mode. Saving in ironman mode will send the player back to the start screen. Loading an ironman save will delete the save. It disables cheats, the debug menu, and save exporting, and sets the "rate that events are triggered by allure", crop value, Bailey's payments to their default values if they had been lowered. It also sets history depth to 1 if it had been raised. It can only be chosen at the game's start, and cannot be disabled. Thanks to lifeAnime.
Autosaves in ironman mode will trigger every 5-8 days, or when the PC loses a virginity, as a backup.
Taunting Leighton while performing the car wash detention naked now has a small chance of triggering retribution from Leighton. Requires beasts be enabled. Thanks to shun.
You can now share milkshake with Whitney in the park. Thanks to b0mbyx, with help from cord, hwp and RobinFanatic.
Thanks to Kegdo and anonymous for one of the scenes found when working at the adult shop.
Added the option to hold hands during encounters. Thanks to Kegdo.
Added a scarecrow costume to the forest shop. Coded by anonymous, with spritework by Allo.
Added a waitress uniform, split dress, and see-through swimsuit to the adult shop. Coded by anonymous, with spritework by Turkeh.
Added icons for the belly dancer's veil, baseball shirt, baseball shorts, undershirt, and baseball cap. Thanks to anonymous.
Added combat sprites for thongs. Thanks to anonymous.
Added a facesitting toggle. Does not disable cunnilingus.
Added events found by helping Sydney and Sirris prepare the adult shop.
Added a grand opening event for the adult shop.
Thanks to lifeAnime for the adult shop menu, and for a sex toy inventory.
You can now by separate coloured contacts for each eye, allowing heterochromia. Thanks to lifeAnime.
Added a way to ask around for Sydney if they're absent from the Temple at their normal times. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Gave Sirris and Sydney the ability to unbind your arms at the adult shop. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Whitney can now rescue the PC when they scream at school in some locations. Teachers will take priority if applicable. Thanks to anonymous.
Initial comments during Domus Street modelling events now take model fame into account. Thanks to shun.
Added a couple of events to the town's streets, enabled by high modelling fame. One can escalate if the PC has sufficient stats, or have been hypnotised by Harper. Thanks to shun.
Added four new events found when flirting with Robin. Thanks to RobinFanatic.
Thanks to nesokax for several strap-on improvements.
Mask integrity now displays in the sidebar. Also added a cheat for mask integrity. Thanks to TonyFox.
Thanks to TonyFox for minor changes to Eden's intro sequence. Thanks to TonyFox.
Added some new synonyms for fluid dripping. Thanks to TonyFox.
Added unique lines for moaning at love interests during encounters. Code and Eden line by Kegdo. Robin lines by RobinFanatic. Black Wolf, Great Hawk, Sydney, Kylar, Avery, Alex, Whitney lines by Crimson Tide.
Clothing traits now have mouseover descriptions in the shop filter overlay. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Added descriptions for the naked, athletic, maid, riding, event, chastity, cage, hidden, gag and leash clothing traits. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Added the alternative "pink" demon transformation. Recolour by thewitchmaker, and coded by Lollipop Scythe.
Added Charlie's love to the cheat menu.
Added the dreads sides hairstyle. Art courtesy of 3hp.
Added icons for the bus station and factory. Art courtesy of pauloc.
The suspicious van at the bus station now appears again, though only when cheats are enabled, allowing easy access to the livestock bad end.
The PC can now can now insert their entire hand into their vagina during masturbation with enough practice. Coded by hwp and written by Stale Sandwich.
Improved error reporting. Thanks to hwp.
Thanks to Jimmy, hwp, TonyFox, Crimson Tide, and Kegdo for code improvements.
Thanks to PurityGuy for debugging the adult shop setup and grand opening scenes.

Thanks to Bathory666 for the following additions and improvements:
Added an adult shop to Elk Street, complete with background events and customers.
Added a clerk job to the adult shop. Some scenes written by anonymous.
Includes a Whitney scene written with assistance from Kiyo and anonymous.
Includes five scenes written by WildUntamedFluffy.
Added a pass out scene written by anonymous.
Gave the ancient threat a new weapon.
Added purchasable sex toys that can be used during masturbation.
NPCs can use sex toys themselves during encounters, including dildos, anal beads, vibrators, flogs, riding crops, and onaholes.
The PC can use dildo and onahole-type sex toys on themselves and others during consensual single encounters and consensual gangbangs. Love interests will react appropriate to their personalities. Written in collaboration with Crimson Tide and RobinFanatic.
NPCs can react with excitement, revulsion or disappointment to sex toys.
The PC can pick up and drop sex toys during encounters.
The PC can now use strap-ons. Includes close-up, combat, and sidebar sprites. Sidebar strap-on sprite courtesy of Lantern.
Thanks to lantern for the strap-on clothing type icon.
Sydney can work at the adult shop. They work there more frequently as corruption increases.
Reworked NPC strap-ons. Thanks to hwp.
Added sprites for strap-ons, horse cock strap-ons, and knotted cock strap-ons.
NPCs can be given customised strap-ons, and will randomly select one when asked during sex. Thanks to hwp and lifeAnime.
Added unique descriptions to NPC strap-ons.
Added unique speech lines for NPCs with strap-ons. Written with help from Kiyo.
NPC action descriptions now take strap-ons into account.
Added xray sprites for NPC strap-ons. Art courtesy of Ruby.
Eden, Robin, Alex, Kylar and Sydney can be gifted strap-ons. Written in collaboration with Kiyo and anonymous. Thanks to hwp for code.
Added a toggle for NPC sex toys.
Avery and Whitney now wear strap-ons based on strap-on chance.
Thanks to 3hp for the onahole inventory icon sprite.
The PC can now wear a butt plug.
The PC can now purchase lube from the adult shop. It can be used on their pussy, penis or anus during combat.
The PC can now masturbate their pussy or penis during combat as a promiscuity 2 action. NPCs will react.
Thanks to Mochi for the bullet vibe, shibari rope, ball gag and muzzle sprites.
Targeting yourself now displays combat radio action difficulties. Thanks to Rukarin.
Thanks to nesokax for fixing an issue with masturbation.
Thanks to PurityGuy and hwp for respository help.

Thanks to anonymous for the following additions and improvements:
Whitney now roams the town's alleyways with their gang on non-school days. Similar to their appearances at school, they're more likely to seek out the PC the more time has passed since the last event.
Added unique text for the "Confront" action if being stalked by Eden or Whitney.
Added a low dominance, high love variant of Whitney's docks event.
Added a high lust variant of Whitney's cigarette theft event, and a variant if beasts and monsters are disabled.
Made Whitney a little rougher when demanding oral in the hallways at high dominance.
Code improvements.

Thanks to Cord for the following additions and improvements:
Whitney not reacts to Christmas outfits, prison jumpsuits, and cheerleading outfits on Halloween.
Added Alex milkshake scenes.
Added shaving to the farm. You can now enter the shower shed and shave or choose to shower when Alex is not there.
Added more dom/sub lines to Alex.
You can now cuddle Alex on the sofa, and when they're on the phone.
Alex now reacts if you orgasm in bed while they're sleeping or on the phone. They also thank you for helping with maths, have more variety when chatting at breakfast, and talk more when watching TV.
Unique lines for when PC orgasms in the meadow.
Added dialogue for Alex, Bailey, Leighton, and Morgan if you namedrop other love interests.
Added some flavour text when sleeping with Alex.
Added the option to flaunt when Alex checks out the PC.
Added the option to laugh when Alex is startled by lurkers.
Alex may now join you when relaxing by the stables once unlocked as a love interest, if they're not busy.
Added a couple of Morgan lines.
Code and UI improvements at Alex's farm.

Balance Changes
Model fame now lowers allure. Thanks to shun.
Modeling events on Domus Street now contribute to model fame. Thanks to shun.
Pills will now be autotaken when you arrive home, if you were absent at midnight. Thanks to lifeAnime.
The PC will no longer be taken to the school infirmary while school's out. Thanks to anonymous.
Biting strap-ons no longer causes pain to NPCs. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Increasing wolf pack harmony or ferocity when capped will now have a small "overflow" into the other stat. Thanks to shun.
Acceptance now decreases when insecurity decreases, prior to developing immunity. Thanks to shun.
Lurkers and similar creatures will now be satisfied by cumming once.
Leighton's class inspections now repeat each term. Thanks to shun.
Inspecting the cell door in the underground brothel no longer takes an hour or triggers a random event, if you don't even try to lockpick it. Thanks to hwp.
Added Settings and Attitudes menues to the brothel dressing room. Thanks to Jimmy.
Repeated orgasms now have a different impact depending on where the PC is penetrated.
Some clothes have been moved from the clothing shop to the adult shop.

Bug Fixes
Fixed an issue with autosaves. Thanks to note leven.
Fixed a bug that prevented the gothic gown displaying properly in the Character preview tool. Thanks to lifeAnime.
Fixed a bug that broke modelling fame on old saves. Thanks to lifeAnime.
Fixed an issue with modded clothes on old saves. Thanks to note leven.
Thanks to lifeAnime and hwp for typo fixes.
NPC strap-ons no longer cum inside you. Thanks to Bathory666.
Fixed an error where eye colours would be printed as [object Object] in the characteristics tab.
Fixed apostrophes in save files' name causing them to break.
Fixed a pill-related issue.
Fixed some strap-on issues. Thanks to Bathory666 and hwp.
Adjusted time progression during the blood moon underwater ruin sequence.
Hand virginity is now taken when Alex takes your hand in the woodlands. Thanks to Cord.
Fixed an issue with the consistency of milkshake scenes. Thanks to Cord.
Fixed an error found when having your bindings removed at the asylum. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Fixed a grammar issue with underwear. Thanks to Bathory666 and anonymous.
The PC's vagina will no longer be described as "dry" when self-lubricated. Thanks to shun.
Fixed an error involving beast trains. Thanks to Rukarin.
Adjusted the monster hoodie so the skirt better fits around the PC's waist.
Futa sanity checks and fixes in backcomp for parasitical pregnancies.
Fix spa lewd event not using random correctly, meaning Spa Lewd event now should get a more varied, but lower income.
Typo correction: flahes to flashes.
Minor change in park, added a <br> so the Travel section is properly formatted.
Thanks to PurityGuy for typo and minor fixes.
Thanks to hwp for minor fixes.
Thanks to Bathory666 and TonyFox for typo fixes.

Thanks to Jimmy for the following fixes:
Fixed a bug that prevented Avery being cleared properly when leaving a date early.
Fixed a pronoun issue with Robin.
Fixed a bug that caused zoom to reset on load.
Fixed phantom pregnancies found on ancient saves.
Fixed a beast generation issue found when following a dog down an alley.
Fixed old save compatibility issues with parasitic pregnancies.
Fixed an error at the spa that made events trigger at unintended rates.
Typo and formatting fixes.

Thanks to anonymous for the following fixes:
Alex will no longer wear their work clothes to bed.
Avery will no longer get in the hot tub fully clothed, and will strip to their underwear before bed.
Fixed a text issue found when named NPCs admire bodywriting with arrows.
Fixed an error found when entering the school infirmary.
The skimpy leotard provided during the Danube Street dancing job will no longer trigger automatic clothing rebuy.
Fixed a dog that was always female regardless of settings.
Remy's steeds will now occasionally be referred to as mares if settings allow.
Increased the accuracy of a tooltip in the characteristics menu. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Passing out and being taken to the school infirmary no longer overrides Kylar's kidnapping of the PC.
Fixed some encounters that allowed Leighton to rescue the PC while imprisoned in the pillory.
Fixed Whitney breaking out of the school infirmary.
Fixed some leftover bugs with Eden's cage punishment.
The rival dancer during one of Avery's dates no longer brings their strap-on to the dance floor.
You will no longer "plant your feet"/"remain light on your feet" when performing certain actions during aquatic struggle encounters.
Fixed a bug that prevented NPCs from fingering the PC.
The game no longer treats the PC's genitals as if they're not in use while being fingered or receiving a handjob.
Fixed the PC using a second charge of pepper spray during struggle encounters after the target has already fled.
Robin no longer leaves in the middle of an emotional cow scene to set up their lemonade stand.
Fixed a softlock caused when cumming while forced to dance.
The PC will no longer rip off their clothes after cumming while dancing if their arms are bound.
Alex now reacts to the PC's arms being bound during their introduction.
Fixed the lake's nighttime location art not showing up.
Whitney will now actually strip during the Connudatus Street theft event.
The PC will no longer be trapped in a "front" during certain stuck-in-a-wall encounters.
Fixed apostrophes in save files' name causing them to break. Thanks to lifeAnime.
Fixed a pill-related issue. Thanks to lifeAnime.
Fixed the PC taking home the rag top and skirt after agreeing to demonstrate the wooden horse.
The option to approach Eden at Remy's farm is no longer simply "Eden."
Fixed the accessory layer for the belly dancer top and bottoms not appearing, and allowed it to come in colour variants other than red.
Fixed an issue that caused the overalls, prison jumpsuit, diving suit and lederhosen to make the encounter sprite appear naked.
The cow onesie now appears white during encounters, rather than red.
Moved one of Eden's orgasm lines that incorrectly referred to the PC eating Eden out instead of the other way around, and replaced it with one more appropriate for the circumstances.
Eden will no longer move their foot way from the PC's nonexistent penis after cumming.
Fixed the PC being able to speak during a prison scene when they're gagged, and being unable to do so when they aren't.
You can no longer perform feet actions while shackled and mouth actions while gagged during struggle encounters.
Leighton will no longer refer to a female PC's nonexistent penis during detention.
Fixed NPCs pulling on the PC's underwear when they're supposed to be targeting their lowerwear.
Fixed the option to travel appearing with no usable links when exposed at the beach.
The PC will no longer get dressed while still taking a bath in the orphanage.
Fixed an error caused by defeating an NPC engaged in double penetration.
Fixed some text that implied the PC wears their undies over their skirt.
Fixed the skulduggery mask causing missing image errors when damaged.
Fixed an inconsistent line when sparring with the wolves.
Caught a rogue 0 during combat. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Fixed a bug causing divine TFs to break. Thanks to note leven.
Fixed an issue with players losing their genitals when updating old saves. Thanks to note leven.
Fixed an issue with the PC's oral virginity being "taken by unknown" after milking cattle with their mouth. Thanks to note leven.
Fixed the oral virginity warning from milking with your mouth appearing when it shouldn't, and not appearing when it should. Thanks to note leven.
Fixed some issues with NPC roles in the prison.
Corrected some mixed-up text during an encounter in the changing rooms.
Fixed Sydney appearing before being met when the PC climaxes in the library.
Raul will no longer be shocked by Janet's pussy when reading the scarlet book.
Fixed persistent NPCs' names not displaying properly with the targeting system.
NPCs will no longer press their breasts against the PC's back through gloryholes.
Bodywriting in lipstick and mud can now be turned into tattoos at the tattoo parlour.
Investigating the mirror in the Great Hawk's tower will no longer automatically bring it upstairs if the player chooses to leave it alone.
Typo fixes.

Thanks to braymann for the following fixes:
Fixed the Athlete background so that it will lower your starting grades as advertised.
The scene where you're attacked by dogs after failing to cross high street naked will now have 3 dogs as intended, instead of 1.
Outfits that have already been broken will no longer trigger automatic rebuy when they break again.
Alex will no longer be wearing two pairs of underwear when they spank you.
Fixed a bug that prevented additional struggle creatures appearing in the middle of a struggle encounter.
Fixed a bug that caused struggle creatures to always be finished after being pulled off once.
Fixed a bug where having the "Fangs" or "Sharp Eyes" trait will make the game think you're hiding part of a transformation.
Fixed an error in the scene with the high ranking and low ranking wolves in the wolf cave.
Female NPCs will no longer somehow press their breasts into your back when you're giving anal.
Fixed a bug with gags in female beast encounters.
A number of small bugs.

Thanks to hwp for the following fixes:
Made the Domus Street's shy virgin and the pub's virgin bar patron into actual virgins.
Fixed a bug with the cheat that resets a named NPC's virginity.
Escaping the underground brothel now unlocks the slut shirt regardless of how you escaped.
Fixed a bug where most forms of npc facesitting resulted in the player being unable to successfully perform mouth actions.
Fixed some issues with plantperson code.
Fixed an issue where new additions to the cat TF caused autofellatio to break.
A bug found in combat.
Formatting improvements.

Thanks to TonyFox for the following fixes:
Fixed a bug that prevented beasts ejaculating on the PC's ass while wearing an anal shield.
The NPC on the beach with their child can no longer be a virgin.
Displacing underwear without displacing skirt no longer exposes genitals.
Clothing stripped during Eden's initial molestations are now properly disposed of.
Tentacles are now more agitated and dangerous during the Blood Moon.
Certain sequences now properly exit the player into the correct location.
Removed claws from some beast types.
Typo fixes.



0.3.7.4
NPCs will no longer lose their virginity by penetrating someone with a strapon. Thanks to hwp.
NPCs will no longer try to remove their "naked". Thanks to hwp.
NPCs should no longer generate as naked, with bodyparts considered clothed. Thanks hwp.

Thanks to note leven for the following fixes:
Made sleep more comfy by removing big red error about pills and nulls.
Fixed a layering issue found during tentacle and swarm encounters.
Fixed a couple of issues with old saves.
Fixed a couple of issues with new saves.
Code adjustments.
Typo fixes, thanks to oyea.


0.3.7.3
Thanks to lifeAnime for code improvements, and a debug feature.
Thanks to Jimmy and note leven for code improvements.

Balance Changes
Tentacles will deal less damage to masks when moving to the PC's mouth. Thanks to Bathory666.

Bug Fixes
The Danube dance job will now correctly describe the level of audience interest needed to remain safe.
The PC will now dress proprely after stripping on the stage during the Danube dance job
Fixed issue with the insecurity increase display, if the PC had max insecurity of 1000. Thanks to Jimmy.
Fixed an issue with beast characters. Thanks to note leven.
Fixed an issue that prevented chest binders displaying correctly on some systems. Thanks to note leven.
Phalluses should no longer phase through masks. Thanks to Bathory666.
Fixed a layering issue with beast handjobs for muzzles, gags, and facemasks. Thanks to Bathory666.
Fixed an undefined penis description at the strip club. Thanks to Bathory666.
Fixed a broken link found during the Domus dance job.
Thanks to Jimmy for pronoun corrections and typo fixes.

Thanks to lifeAnime for the following fixes:
Fixed an issue that caused slowdown on some devices.
Fixed an image path issue.
Fixed an issue with penis growth pills.
Fixed a text issue when certain named NPCs admire the PC's bodywriting. Thanks to oyea.
The school nurse will prescribe more than one pill during a playthrough. Thanks to oyea.


0.3.7.2
Adjusted Robin's new flirting events. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Added a rose hair accessory to the clothing shop. Thanks to oyea.
Adjusted the "back to safety" feature, and expanded it to wardrobes and shops. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.

Bug Fixes
Prescribed pills will now refresh when visiting Harper on Fridays.
Fixed an issue with custom contact lenses. Thanks to lifeAnime.
Fixed a formatting issue. Thanks to lifeAnime.
Fixed an error found when whacking away pens. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Fixed an error caused by NPCs taking virginities outside combat. Thanks to hwp.
Fixed an issue that caused the shop All category to reference incorrect items. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.

Thanks to oyea for the following fixes:
Charlie will no longer recognise the player's dancing prowess before they've ever taken a lesson.
The guests at the Danube party event will now dress properly for the occasion.
The player will now properly lose their clothes after the new ritual event.
Fixed issues with the olive-coloured book.
Moved the belly dancer's veil to the forest shop, with the same unlock requirements as the top and bottoms.
Checking your pills will no longer teleport you to the orphanage if you checked them somewhere else.
Fixed the player being treated as if they weren't wearing underwear during a scene in maths class.
Typo fixes.


0.3.7.1
Hermaphrodites can now offer their pussy and initiate double vaginal while fencing. Thanks to Bathory666.
Added new dance dialogue for a few specific situations, written by oyea and coded by Crimson Tide.
Added the option to flirt with Robin in their bedroom once love has climbed high enough, with various outcomes. Thanks to RobinFanatic.

Bug Fixes
NPCs will no longer be able to determine the PC's genitals through chastity belts in the school changing rooms, and during the maths competition wardrobe malfunction.
Crossdressing and hermaphrodite fame should no longer increase when the PC's chastity belt is revealed at school.
Sirris, Doren, Whitney, Remy, and Leighton can no longer determine the PC's gender if they're wearing a chastity belt.
The Danube party now only specifics "ladies" or "gentlemen" if generic NPC generation is set to generate only one gender, as opposed to "ladies and gentlemen" every time. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
You can now give thighjobs again. Thanks to braymann.
Fixed an error that sometimes happens when you ask a group of people to stop. Thanks to braymann.
Fixed a softlock that can happen if you choose to eavesdrop on Sydney during the rite of promise. Thanks to braymann.
Thanks to Crimson Tide for typo and other minor fixes.

Thanks to note leven for the following fixes:
Fixed a debug issue.
Fixed a bug that ate link numbers.
Added a failsafe to muesum antique hint display in the journal.
Eden will now generate properly after preparing a cage for you.
Fixed a soft lock at the buffet on Domus Street.
You can now properly smash.

Thanks to hwp for the following fixes:
Fixed a beast generation bug.
Fixed a bug that made NPCs generate with undefined virginities.
NPCs in the dance studio and during dance jobs should now generate clothing correctly.
Fixed a bug that prevented NPC virginities being taken outside combat.
Typos and minor code cleanup.



0.3.7.0
Charlie will now offer work to accomplished dancers. They give a different job if they dislike the PC.
Added a couple of location-dependant dance events.
Added a quest at the temple.
Added setting randomisation to the Quick Start/Quick Edit tab in settings, extending the preset system. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Added hair randomisation and saved sets. Saved sets can be added to new and existing outfit sets, allowing the player to change their hairstyle with each outfit. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Nicknames now take modelling fame into account. Thanks to oyea.
Added a combat menu adjacent to the next button during combat. Thanks to Jimmy.
Tired PCs will now half-close their eyes. Thanks to lifeAnime.
Added lime green and light grey eye colour/contacts. Thanks to lifeAnime.
The nurse at the pharmacy now sells custom contact lenses. Thanks to lifeAnime.
Overhauled the pill code and bedroom pill UI. Thanks to lifeAnime.
Added an antique.
Added the search bar and "All" shop category. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Clothes can now be displaced in swarm, tentacle and struggle encounters. Thanks to Quin2k.
Clarified the unlock requirements for feat boosts. Thanks to Quin2k.
Maxing arousal while dancing will now cause the PC to orgasm, with outcomes depending on the PC's skill, shoes, lewdity, and traits. Can be dangerous in some locations. Thanks to Nicky Lassandri.
The PC's limbs should now reset more intelligently when an NPC is defeated. Thanks to Rukarin.
Added seasonal beer choice to the cafe, and a beer icon. Thanks to Luna.
Added "tending yield factor" to settings, which controls the amount of produce grown with the tending skill. Thanks to shun.
Anal fingering of the PC by NPCs now has more involved mechanics, and can be prevented. Thanks to Combat_wombat.
Leighton can now react to the PC's arousal during pussy inspection. Thanks to TreeFrogSoup.
Added the curly pigtails and sailor buns side hairstyles. Thanks to Mira.
The curtain fringe style is now represented on encounter sprites. Thanks to Myoran.
Added a stat counter for pills taken. Thanks to khovel.
Added the undershirt, baseball shirt, baseball shorts, and baseball cap to the clothing shop. Art courtesy of namelessone.
Generic NPCs can now be virgins. Thanks to hwp.
Adjusted the art for the belly dancer's bottoms, belly dancer's top, board shorts, booty jorts, breeches, catsuit bottoms, chapette breeches, chinos, long cut skirt, short cut skirt, cycle shorts, diving bottoms, gothic trousers, jorts, keyhole skirt, long skirt, maid skirt, miniskirt, moon pajama bottoms, star pajama bottoms, retro trousers, Christmas skirt, Christmas trousers, chastity belt, and gold chastity belt, adding damage states where missing and fixing clipping issues, with more significant changes to the belly dancer set. Art courtesy of KG.
Added the belly dancer's veil to the clothing shop. Art courtesy of KG.
The Characteristics overlay now describes how large your breasts appear after taking clothing into account. Thanks to hwp.
Adjusted and reimplemented the Cum dump/Cumoisseur scene at Remy's estate.
Added winter variants for the promenade, alley, industrial alley, and night monster lair location art. Art courtesy of Swaggy Bookshelf.
Added a cheat to the cheats menu to reset an NPC's virginity. Thanks to hwp.
Added the "Life of the Party," "Belle of the Ball," and "Breaking the Stone" feats.
Thanks to braymann for preparing code for the inclusion of cows and bulls in the future.
Thanks to hwp and Lollipop Scythe for performance improvements.
Thanks to lifeAnime for a debug tool.
Thanks to Jimmy, note leven, Lollipop Scythe, khovel, and Rukarin for code improvements.
Improved tending code, and the code responsible for NPCs interacting with your clothes during encounters, among other code improvements. Thanks to hwp.

Thanks to Bathory666 for the following additions and improvements:
Face masks can now protect the mouth, as appropriate to the item.
Added the "ask to keep your mask on" and "remove mask" actions.
Surgical masks and gags now have the "covered" trait, protecting them against penetration, kissing and breast sucking.
NPCs can thrust against your mask, damaging it.
Added surgical mask sprites for damage states, and combat sprites.
Angry NPCs might damage your mask if you prevent them from removing it.

Thanks to oyea for coding the following scenes:
Added an infirmary to the school. The player will be taken here instead of the hospital after passing out on school grounds. They can also visit it during the day for medical assistance, or sneak in at night to steal drugs. Written by YetAnotherUser.
Added an alternate ending to Harper's lap kissing scene at the asylum. Written by Mist.
Added a scene when working the fields with Alex in the summer. Written by DMGM69.
Added a scene with Whitney to the school hallways, and a new option when they grope the player during an exam.
Eden will no longer be as forgiving upon catching the player after they've been away from the cabin for too long. Written by Necro.
Some named NPCs now have more unique responses to certain bodywriting. Written by Necro and Conhue.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following additions and improvements.
NPC clothing is now properly simulated, with NPCs dressing more appropriately to their location, role, and the weather.
The PC can attempt to undress NPCs during encounters. Requires promiscuity 2 during consensual encounters.
Updated scenes that referenced NPCs unzipping their flies or lifting their skirts, to take the new clothes into account
Added support for NPC crossdressing.
The PC can now interact with female monster's breasts, and some may even lactate should lactation be involved. Wolfgirl milk progresses the wolf transformation.
NPC chests now begin most encounters clothed, and their clothes must be displaced before their chests can be interacted with.
Added some action flavour text for female NPCs relating to their breasts.
Entering the plinth room while being hunted by the ancient threat will now reset the ancient threat's hunt, so you don't need to wait around.
Brought non-bodypart skill checks to the same level at tending, making temporary bonuses and modifiers impact more than just skill changes.
Thanks to hwp, oyea, and Lollipop Scythe for help with NPC clothes.
Minor code improvements.

Thanks to Crimson Tide for the following additions and improvements:
Added a new "difficulty" option that hides all stats text, like + Stress. Affects skill checks, warnings, comments and reminders. Disabled by default.
Added tooltips to the characteristics menu, giving details on what is causing specific skill modifiers.
Added an escape button should the PC find themselves in a bugged passage, which would previously result in a softlock.
Added a forced masturbation scene to the underwater prison.
The ancient threat can now assault the farm during Remy's raids.
The chatting students in the library can mention blood moons, and also have a small chance of hiding an ancient secret.
Bailey's thugs now acknowledge your underground nickname if you have one.
Added the number of times you've been possessed to the statistics menu.
Code improvements.


Balance Changes
One of Whitney's friends now assists them in the parasite event. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Changes to Charlie's love will now be indicated.
Non-consensual encounters will no longer give you an "ask to leave on" option for tops. Thanks to Bathory666.
You can no longer perform mouth actions while wearing a mask, other than speaking. Thanks to Bathory666.
Adjusted the triggers for whether the PC smiles or not. Thanks to lifeAnime.
Quickened the speed of suffocation by one turn. Thanks to Jimmy.
Masks no longer block fame gain during Niki's photoshoot. Thanks to Jimmy and PurityGuy.
Eden now gains lust daily, rather than hourly. Robin and Alex now also gain lust over time. Thanks to Quin2k.
Reduced the rate at that defiance and submissiveness are gained.
Made waterproof clothes protect the clothing underneath them from water. Thanks to hwp.
Stripping down to underwear with the dance trait will no longer force dancing PCs with low exhibitionism off the stage.
The bunny leotard now has the dance trait.
Eden's rescue of the PC from the asylum and Remy's farm now has a minimum love requirement. Thanks to oyea.
Tending now produces more produce by default. Thanks to shun.
Added a cap to the femininity provided by shorter hair and fringe styles. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Excess damage inflicted by the PC will no longer overflow onto the next target in group encounters. Thanks to Rukarin.
The ancient threat is now easier to resist during the first possession. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Added a feat boost for the athletics skill. Thanks to khovel.
Helping Robin at their stand will now increase their funds a little. Thanks to shun.
Clothes with the "dance" trait now take no damage when an NPC attempts to pull them off while the PC dances.


Bug Fixes
Fixed a bug that confused pens and penises. Thanks to note leven.
Added the great hawk's monster status to settings presets. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Agreeing to the museum horse demonstration will now use the correct outfit. Thanks to hwp.
Fixed incorrect lines from Sydney if Sydney knows your PC's gender, PC is crossdressing and is not the same gender as Sydney. Thanks to Kamikaza404.
Fixed a bug with irrigation. Thanks to hwp.
Fixed a bug that allowed fitting an arbitrary number of fingers in your pussy while masturbating. Thanks to hwp.
Fixed a bug that turned the ancient threat into a hermaphrodite. Thanks to hwp.
Fixed a bug that allowed endlessly penetrating and pulling out of double penetration. Thanks to Bathory666.
Added tracking support for penises escaping and attempting to double penetration. Thanks to Bathory666 and Jimmy.
Fixes a bug that created phantoms limbs and genitals if an action is taken right before a target is defeated. Thanks to Rukarin.
Guards should no longer reappear right after being defeated in the estate. Thanks to PurityGuy and Jimmy.
Fixed a spa exhibitionism scene that displayed the wrong requirement. Thanks to hwp.
Fixed a bug that prevented pronouns from generating. Thanks to note leven.
Fixed some body bugs found after defeating NPCs in group encounters. Thanks to Rukarin.
Fixed a bug that prevented the "Grab between breasts" action working. Thanks to Rukarin.
Fixed some sprite layering issues with angel wings and oral shadows while in a pillory, and with long leather gloves while giving handjobs in the missionary position. Thanks to Bathory666.
Women with strap-ons met while working as a bartender will no longer have testes to cup. Thanks to Bathory666.
Fixed a bug that prevented the beast encounter behind the school triggering unless a monster spawns.
Fixed a bug that caused the lower half of a swimsuit to be lost despite it being connected to the upper half. Thanks to hwp.
Minor change to the sidebar caption for those with images disabled. Thanks to hwp.
Fixed an issue found when wearing scarfs. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Negotiated and dancing tips will no longer round to the nearest penny. Thanks to shun.
Fixed an issue with the doggy encounter sprite's hair. Thanks to sseshess.
Fixed a bug that caused penile multiplication. Thanks to Rukarin.
Fixed some bugs with NNPC clothing. Thanks to hwp.
Fixes a bug where fallen angel isn't saved when entering scenes like the Schism, the Prayer Room or the library books.
Thanks to Luna for a typo fix.
Thanks to Bathory666 for typo and minor code fixes.
Thanks to hwp for typo fixes.

Thanks to oyea for the following fixes:
Fixed NPCs acquiring the wrong genitals after reading bodywriting with arrows. Thanks to oyea.
Fixed some issues with my previous MR, thanks to note leven. Thanks to oyea.
Fixed an issue when biting someone's pussy after defeating someone else. Thanks to Bathory666 and oyea.
Prevented an NPC from bypassing the barbed wire on Alex's farm to assault the player.
Added post-orgasm finishing moves for Alex, Avery and Whitney, similar to the existing ones for Eden, Leighton and generic NPCs.
Fixed Kylar breaking free from the orphanage cuddling scene after having their heart broken.
Typo fixes.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following fixes:
Whitney no longer forces their tongue into their own mouth to kiss you.
Fixed some issues with the Whitney parasite event.
Fixed Bailey having a bit too much health when fought while refusing rent.
Adjusted the chastity belt and gold chastity belt to no longer poke out from some undamaged clothing. Thanks to KG.
The ancient threat will no longer compliment the player with normal NPC dialogue in very rare circumstances.
When written on by NPCs, their writing will no longer always transmogrify into pen writing from marker, mud, lipstick, etc.
Plantpeople's writing will now properly stay on the player.
Fighting off all tentacles in a vore encounter will no longer disable any bodyparts that were targeting tentacles.
Fixed an issue with the <<group>> widget only displaying one NPC due to the changes to $enemyno.
Fixed an issue with taking Robin's oral virginity outside of encounters.
Fixed only getting money from stealing from the donation plate if the player couldn't learn anything from stealing.
Robin, Kylar, and Sydney can no longer increase the player's rape fame. Robin and Sydney will no longer increase the player's sex fame, either. Kylar still does because they brag about it.
Fixed an error with some skill checks.
Fixed a stray pixel in the game's banner.
Fixed a case of sucking breasts acting as though you had kept your mouth closed, or taken no action at all.
Fixed an issue with NPCs interacting with face coverings.
Fixed an issue with the PC's hands. Thanks to hwp.
Fixed an issue with animation settings being automatically disabled on some saves, and added a one-time notification with options to fix it if triggered.
Fixed an error that happens when the player tries to intimidate a farm assault team.
Fix for the game attempting to generate pronouns for nonexistent NPCs.
Fixed an issue with encounters involving multiple NPCs.
Adjusted the wording on the Sydney-Leighton punishment so students will no longer vanish mid-scene.
Made the ancient threat's text and link pointers more distinct. Thanks in part to Conhue.
Typo fixes.

Thanks to Crimson Tide for the following fixes:
The game will now keep better track of Sydney and Kylar while the PC is being suffocated.
Stress should no longer exceed its boundaries during events involving the ancient threat.
The game should now properly remember Kylar's status during their Halloween event.
Machine encounters now use proper combat links, rather than standard links.
Fixed a bug that destroyed the wrong fields during farm raids.
Minor code improvements.

Thanks to Jimmy for the following fixes:
DoL should no longer force browsers into dark mode.
Fixed an issue with the homeschooling event.
Fixed a compatibility issue with older browser versions.
Fixed a pronoun issue found in the prison spire while there's a lockdown.
Fixed a softlock found when fighting off 6 classmates during science class.
Fixed some issues with rape and sex fame.
The PC can no longer go for a run at the park or beach if legs are bound.
Fixed broken time.
Bailey and Avery can now co-exist it in the same scene.
Kylar, Sydney and Robin will now contribute to the PC's statistics when they finish them off with oral after an encounter.
River will no longer confiscate cool glasses after school. They've places to be.
Fixed an error in the outfit editor.
Fixed a text error found while masturbating in the park toilets.
Fixed an NPC generation error during the Brutus event.
Fixed a bug that caused Wren to escape during inmate flirting.
Combat will now scroll back to the stop as a default mechanism for new saves.
Lust no longer automatically increases while Alex spies on the PC in the shower.
Fixed some issues found after a failed wolf hunt.
Sydney's hairdresser no longer lets you go into negative wealth.
Fixed a bug that caused chest skill to improve automatically when working at the spa.
Fixed some issues with saved hairstyles. Thanks to mcn.
Fixed some issues in the kennel, including several cases where events would not end properly, causing NPC errors.
Leighton should now generate properly when intervening in the canteen fight.
Fixed an issue found when tutoring on Danube street.
Typo fixes.

Thanks to braymann for the following fixes.
If Remy is about to attack the farm, you will no longer be allowed to tend to the fields and somehow miss the entire raid happening.
Fixed an error when one of the fields get torched.
Choosing to endure while getting humped by a dog on Alex's farm will no longer lower stress and trauma instead of raising it.
Fixed an error when choosing to leave your clothes behind when a slime gets stuck to it in the sewers.


0.3.6.2
Improved scroll position restore and added a toggle to enable/disable the feature. Thanks to note leven.
Made an error message less alarming. Thanks to hwp.
Built a little upon one of the scenes found when breaking down while hugging Robin. Thanks to hwp.

Bug Fixes
The PC will no longer get stuck in a wall during a riding lesson should receiving analingus be disabled.
The Black Wolf will no longer notice your human ears if you actually possess bovine ears instead. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Plantpeople will be properly enabled at the start of the game. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
The PC mentally acknowledges that Kylar is wearing undies during the Christmas scene if they previously asked Kylar to go commando. For their kindness, for their jewel, PC forgives the broken rule. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Fixed the PC's uncoolness causing a time loop in history class. Thanks to oyea.
Fixed an NPC generation issue when receiving comfort from Robin. Thanks to oyea.
Fixed a patron at the strip club pressing someone else's penis against the player's butt. Thanks to oyea.
Fixed some issues related to trousers and skirts during missionary sex. Your trousers will no longer be floating in the wrong position during some actions. Thanks to braymann.
Fixed an issue that discoloured your leg when giving a tentacle a footjob. Thanks to braymann.
Fixed a bug that caused tan lines to make parasites on your breasts disappear. Thanks to braymann.
Fixed an issue with NPC data. Thanks to note leven.
Fixed an issue with the prison guards' names. Thanks to note leven.
Fixed a bug that caused compatibility code to trigger when not intended. Thanks to note leven.
This fixes a bug where clicking on the same full-body outfit twice in the shop would cause the game to present a different item due to an index mismatch. Thanks to hwp.
Fixed an issue with star pyjama bottoms. Thanks to hwp.
Fixed the frottage promiscuity requirement. Thanks to Bathory666 and hwp.
Thanks to oyea for a typo fix.
Thanks to Crimson Tide for a typo fix.


0.3.6.1
Added winter variants of the castle location art. Thanks to Azyle.
Added a sprite for the cow onesie hood being pulled down. Thanks to oyea.
Added icons for the scarlet and olive books in the library. Thanks to oyea.

Bug Fixes
Fixed an issue with the castle location art. Thanks to Azyle.
Fixed a number of typos and other errors found during the blackjack cum addict scene.
Fixed an issue with persistent NPC settings breaking, and added Pinch to the list.  Thanks to note leven.
Fixed an issue found when your clothes are stolen on the moor. Thanks to note leven.
Fixed a compatibility issue with old saves. Thanks to note leven.
Fixed an isuse found when harvesting crops. Thanks to Macilien and note leven.
Fixed a number of issues with the denim shorts and booty jorts combat images. Thanks to lifeAnime.
Fixed a bug that prevented some combat images from displaying correctly. Thanks to hwp and lifeAnime.
Penises and butt should now synchronise in the double anal penetration close up animations. Thanks to Bathory666.
Adjusted the size of the double anal penetration, and close up double vaginal penetration sprites. Thanks to Bathory666.

Thanks to oyea for the following fixes:
Fixed a softlock caused when reading the olive-coloured book without visiting the rental counter.
Fixed an issue that prevented the player from returning the olive-coloured book after stealing it.
The player will no longer steal Pinch's testes after reading the olive-coloured book.
The player will no longer bring their parasites or lewd fluids into the olive and scarlet books.
Fixed the player gaining Status and Delinquency during detention without performing the required action.
Typo fixes.


0.3.6.0
Kylar can now drop by the orphanage early Christmas morning. Written in collaboration with Kiyo.
Added an olive-coloured book to the school library, available during the last week of November and through December. Written by Fangi, with help from Harcher and oyea. Coded by oyea.
Added a small scene involving the ancient threat on Christmas. Thanks to PurityGuy, written in collaboration with Crimson Tide.
Important persistent NPCs can now be modified in the named NPC settings tab, once met. This includes all the prison guards and inmates, the panty thief, night monster, watchtower guards, and the ancient threat. Thanks to PurityGuy and Jimmy.
Added the cow onesie, cow print chaps, and cowboy boots to the clothing shop. Art courtesy of KG.
Adjusting the clothing system to make the addition of new clothes easier for modders. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Improved the formatting of the school changing room links. Thanks to StickyLizard.
Thanks to Crimson Tide for expanding combat mechanics to allow encounters while possessed. Dialogue written with PurityGuy.
Stroking Robin in their room is now more reactive to their stats. Thanks to hwp.
Headbutting Sydney now breaks their glasses. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Added a framework that allows for the generation of NPCs with custom descriptions and roles. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Various waiters and waitresses have been turned into custom NPCs, as well as the janitor that pulls you out of the gloryhole at school. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Added location art for the promenade, which currently appears during an event with Sydney. Art courtesy of Mochi.
Added location art for the moor castle. Art courtesy of Azyle.
Added combat sprites for denim shorts and booty jorts. Art courtesy of Azyle.
Added combat sprites for the hime fringe style. Art courtesy of Myoran.
Thanks to Myoran for adjusting the hime fringe style.
Gave turtleneck jumpers unique combat sprites. Thanks to lifeAnime.
Added back layers for the loose, straight, curl, defined curl and neat hairstyles. Thanks to oyea.
Added icons for the landfill, and for buying milkshake at the cafe. Art courtesy of Kami.
Double vaginal now has a cum sprite. Thanks to Bathory666. Art courtesy of Ruby9036.
Double vaginal now shows cum inside your pussy left over from previous sexual encounters. Art thanks to Ruby9036.
Improved the clothing re-buy code. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Improved NPC generation code. Thanks to hwp.
Touched up the curl and straight hairstyles. Thanks to oyea.
Thanks to Jimmy for a debug tool.
Thanks to Suggestalot for creative assistance.
Thanks to Crimson Tide, braymann, hwp and Jimmy for code improvements.

Balance Changes
Defeating an NPC in a multi-NPC encounter no longer reduces pain to 0. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
School status now increases should other students witness Avery arrive to pick you up.
Penis fencing has been reduced from promiscuity 5 to promiscuity 4. Thanks to Bathory666.

Bug Fixes
Fixed a number of issues with persistent NPCs. Thanks to Rukarin.
Fixed a couple of bugs that caused typos. Thanks to Rukarin.
Fixed a bug that prevented pubic hair growth on old saves. Thanks to hwp.
Fixed a bug that could crash combat should you try to straddle a second penis while wearing a chastity belt. Thanks to Nicky Lassandri.
NPCs can no longer pinch your clit while you're wearing a chastity belt. Thanks to Nicky Lassandri.
Fixed a couple of errors that appeared on the feat boosts page. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Fixed an issue with arousal gained while fondling your breasts. Thanks to braymann.
Submitting to the rival pack will no longer indicate an increase to Stockholm syndrome.
Fixed a bug that prevented the straightjacket being removed when receiving a gown, which could cause a softlock.
Fixed a bug that erased the veteran guard from existence when attempting to learn their name. Thanks to Jimmy for this, and to PurityGuy for restoring them to life on afflicted saves with progress intact.
Fixed a bug that broke chastity belt-wearing NPC's genitals. Thanks to hwp.
Fixed a bug with pronoun generation. Thanks to hwp.
Swarms should no longer be amnesiac about selected actions. Thanks to note leven.
Fixed errors with swarm events initiated before entering other types of combat. Thanks to note leven.
Fixed improperly generated critters during struggle encounters. Thanks to note leven.
It's now possible to whack pens until writing is completed, not just ont he turn when the NPC pulls out the tool. Thanks to note leven.
Fixed some issues with breast and nipple flavour text. Thanks to Rukarin.
Fixed a bug that caused breast images to overlap the Next link on high zoom settings and mobile. Thanks to Rukarin.
Being rescued by a lifeguard should no longer regenerate the aggressor NPC.
Fix for bug that allowed both double anal and double vaginal. Thanks to Bathory666.
You can no longer offer double penetration if you have the appropriate settings disabled. Thanks to Bathory666.
Fixed a number of issues with turtleneck encounter sprites. Thanks to lifeanime.
"Dead" persistent NPCs should now be resurrected when viewing them in the settings menu. Thanks to PurityGuy and Jimmy.
Fixed issues with turtleneck combat sprites. Thanks to lifeanime.
Fixed a bug that could prevent accepting the pill from the pub date. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Thanks to PurityGuy for typo fixes.
Thanks to hwp for minor fixes.

Thanks to oyea for the following fixes:
Changed the icons for the utility vest and utility vest w/ shirt to better fit the style of other clothing icons.
The player can once again perform the pig and horse shows at the brothel if beasts are disabled, provided their settings allow for monster-people.
Fixed issues with sleeves not displaying properly in combat.
NPCs in certain scenes that were meant to be victims will now be generated as such.
The player can now stop masturbating during detention.
The player will no longer look over their shoulder during stalking encounters when they're already being assaulted.
The player may no longer approach the Black Wolf while it's supposed to be out hunting.
Nurses at the asylum will now provide the player with a replacement straightjacket should theirs get damaged, preventing softlocks for low Exhibitionism players.
Fixed an issue preventing the icon for moon pyjama bottoms from appearing.
Fixed a combat bug. Thanks to Rukarin.
Stopped the defined curl and neat hairstyles rendering above the PC in unnatural ways.
The defined curl hairstyle should now show up in the debug renderer.
Fixed a bug that let the genitals of NPCs ignore their chastity belt if angry enough.
Typo fixes.

Thanks to Crimson Tide for the following fixes:
The willpower check to pull away from mouth actions against plantpeople now takes nectar addiction into account.
The plantperson encounter in the forest has a different outcome if you're addicted to nectar and suffering from withdrawals.
You can now properly think about Remy's attacks on the farm at the Great Hawk's tower.
You can now only kiss Kylar once after walking in the park with them.
Crawling under the table on a ship leads to oral sex, rather than regular sex.
Persistent NPCs will now be referenced by their names more often during encounters, if known.
The persistent prison NPCs are now referred to by name in the virginity menu, if known.
Defeating a named NPC in a multi-NPC encounter now uses their name, rather than their title.
Typo and minor code fixes.

Thanks to Jimmy for the following fixes:
The pharmacy event should now end properly.
Fixed a bug that cleared NPC data prematurely during a scarred prisoner event.
Fixed a minor issue with the clothing system.
River will now provide maths competition help on subsequent years.
Fixed an issue with beast generation in a house on Danube Street.
Removed a duplicate NPC found when passing out at the docks.
Fixed an issue with NPC generation at the prison spire.
Wren should no longer lurk in the background after leaving their shop.
Fixed a duplicated Leighton.
Leighton should no longer lurk in the background after the high fame event in the school hallways.
Resting the urge to spank a student under hypnosis will now properly end the event.
Fixed a duplicated NPC bug during the wolf mating rank event.
Fixed some issues with the hunt event in the underground brotherl.
The dog encountered during the beach abduction now only generates if needed.
Fixed with the money gained display during Brutus' scene.
NPC data should now be properly cleared after prison shower events.
Fixed some pronoun issues.
Typo fixes.



0.3.5.4
Students can now comment on PCs with Sydney as their love interest during stalk encounters. Thanks to Crimson Tide.

Bug Fixes
Fixed a handful of minor errors.
The forest bear event can now trigger with beasts disabled, if the bear generated as a monster.
Fixed some forest wolf events that could generated monsters regardless of settings.
The black wolf will no longer appear should beasts and monsters be disabled.
The black wolf should no longer manifest as a monster if bestiality is disabled
Making your steed feel a foal on the road between town and the farmlands will now increase respect as intended.
Minor code and typo fixes. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Fixed an error with old Android version saves. Thanks to Jimmy.

Thanks to braymann for the following fixes:
Centaurs will no longer lose trust when you calm them down while riding to/from the farm.
Added some highlighting to the price when you sell your parasites to Harper.
Fixed some issues related to double vaginal penetration sprites.
Added another fix for the social menu completely erroring out.

Thanks to Jimmy for the following fixes:
Corrected the passing of time in the Spire.
Alex should no longer expect the PC to leave the farm if they're welcome at the cottage.
Fixed an issue with an NPC failing to generate properly when you're caught having an orgasm in public.
Fixed a Gwylan pronoun issue.
Improved the formatting of Alex's wake up scene.
Fixed an issue found when referencing NPCs during detention. Thanks to oyea.



0.3.5.3
Added icons for the Cafe, Watching the Pillory, and Docks. Art courtesy of Myoran, and coded by PurityGuy.
Added clothing icons for Boxers, Gold Bracelets, Gold Chain, Iron Chain, Monster Hoodie, Moon Pyjama Bottoms, Retro Shorts, Retro Top, Retro Trousers, Scarf, Star Pyjama Shorts, Tape, Vest, Cropped Hoodie, Long Johns, School Swim Bottoms, and School Swim Top. Art courtesy of Myoran, and coded by PurityGuy.
Thanks to Crimson Tide for code improvements.

Thanks to Bathory666 for the following additions and improvements.
Added xray double vaginal white sprites. Art courtesy of Ruby9036.
Recoloured xray double vaginal sprites for dark skin.
Normal vaginal and anal xrays now show the right NPC's penis, rather than the first generated.
Dark skin variants of normal vaginal and anal xrays are now available.

Balance Changes
Admitting you stole the book now adds delinquency. Does not give the PC detention, since they're about to be punished anyway. Thanks to Crimson Tide.

Bug Fixes
Docker reputation is now visible in the social widget. Thanks to readthemanual.
Some events will no longer print "This event may/will corrupt Sydney" if Sydney is already corrupt. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Fixed a bug that prevented Leighton's penis from being properly described during one scene. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Fixed issues with the combat sprites found when giving a chestjob or oral. Thanks to lifeAnime.
Fixed the clothes display at the forest shop. Thanks to lifeAnime.
The "Morgan the Lost" and "Harper the Hypnotist" feats should now trigger on old saves.
Fixed a bug that prevented events from triggering on the streets while blindfolded.
Fixed a versioning issue with NPCs generated on old saves. Thanks to Jimmy and braymann.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following fixes:
Sydney will no longer clear someone else's throat when climaxing in the library.
The PC will no longer get glances from down the hallway while in the library.
Clothes with 0 warmth will no longer be described as "light and cool."
The icons for Cow Bra, Cow Panties, Cow Sleeves, Cow Socks, Utility Vest, and Utility Shirt, amd Mini Snowman now appear properly.
Sleepstat is no longer undefined on new saves.
Fixed a broken event at the pub.
Removed a stray writer's note in an orgasm event.
The mirror no longer states that changing your fringe from natural will set your sides to messy, as this is no longer true.
Niki will no longer be described as your breast size while remaining professional.
Fixed some cases of confused Sirris gender.
You will no longer be stared at by an undefined undefined when orgasming at the docks or arcade.
Fixed an error when orgasming in the pool changing rooms.
The player will no longer be described as "fleeing the scene" while orgasming in locations with nowhere to flee.
Alex will no longer be a 0 while watching you orgasm.
Many typos and grammatical fixes for public orgasm events.
More general fixes.

Thanks to note leven for the following fixes:
Fixed an issue with save versioning.
Fixed a bug that could break old saves.
Fixed .0000000001 precision in the stats menu.
Fixed a rogue ' in the cropped hoodie's description.
"Brown" and "soft brown" should no longer be switched at the hairdresser's.
Hearing Wren's voice in the smuggler's cave will no longer reveal their identity in the social menu.
NPCs should no longer generate twice during prison laundry events.
Fixed an issue with card covers.
NPCs should no longer mention nonexistent chastity when ejaculating.
Other fixes.

Thanks to braymann for the following fixes:
It's no longer possible for multiple people to be pinning your arms down at the same time.
Defeating all but one person in multi-person encounters will not cause the npc status messages to use the pronouns of the first person in the encounter, even if they were already beaten.
Fixed some typos in swarm encounters.
There will no longer be a little ">" pointing at the mini snowman during combat.
Fixed an issue where bodywriting could appear over clothing during combat.
Fixed shorts again so they will no longer look like trousers in combat.
The game will no longer tell you that you have two cocks pressed against your anus when they are actually against your vagina.
You will no longer get an error if you try to start a game with an anal herm parasite when you have anal parasitic pregnancy disabled.
Going into the character viewer before making a new character will no longer cause the social menu to completely error out. Added a fix for existing saves that have the error.
Fixed an error when you give someone a footjob while wearing anklesocks.
Stealing cosmetics will no longer make you the most wanted criminal in town.
Fixed an error when choosing "cooperate" when frotting someone else.


0.3.5.2
The description above actions now consistently state the NPC's name/description. Thanks to Rukarin.
Targeting hte same NPC's penis or pussy with multiple body parts will no longer spawn additional genitals. Thanks to Rukarin.
It's no longer possible for herms to penetrate and NPC's ass while their pussy is in use. Thanks to Rukarin.
The dog you can follow into an alley is no longer able to speak.
Fixed an issue found when straddling a second penis for double vaginal and anal penetration. Thanks to Bathory666.
Settings now exports pubic hair setting. Thanks to Bathory666.

Thanks to oyea for the following fixes:
Adjusted the shading on the keyhole dress for larger breast sizes.
The player will no longer be told they're about to pass out when an NPC is sitting on their face if they're already unconscious.
The person offering the tutoring job on Danube Street will no longer expect the PC to be in school on non-school days.
The cropped hoodie can no longer be tucked in.
Stopped Kylar from breaking free when sleeping with them at the orphanage.
Stripping at the photography studio will no longer trigger automatic clothing rebuy.
Fixed an issue when assaulted for entering the wrong toilets at the park.
The game will no longer forget the player's hypnosis progress when a save is loaded.
Fixed a text issue found when ejaculating on a tentacle. Thanks to braymann.
Fixed a bug found when working as a chef. Thanks to Jimmy.
Fixed NPCs breaking free from the farm. Thanks to Jimmy.

0.3.5.1
Added a short event to the photo studio.
Added combat sprites for lace arm warmers. Art courtesy of lifeAnime.
Added an icon for Bailey's office. Art courtesy of Conhue.
Added a couple of short events outside the strip club.

Thanks to Bathory666 for the following additions and improvements:
Added a frottage missionary sprite.
Added a black variant for the double anal penetration close-up sprite.
Added an icon to the photography studio. Art courtesy of 3hp.

Balance Changes
Entering the photo studio now takes one minute. Thanks to Bathory666.

Bug Fixes
Fixed an issue with the winter residential dusk location image. Thanks to Swaggy Bookshelf.
Fixed a bug that prevented an encounter found while modelling from triggering. Thanks to oyea.
Orderlies should now always dress you in a gown after removing a straightjacket, rather than towels.
Fixed an error found when wearing a bathrobe with a flat chest.
Adjusted the descriptions of the "Morgan the Lost" and "Harper the Hypnotist" feats.
Fixed a softlock found when following a dog into an alley. Thanks to Crimson Tide and braymann.

Thanks to Crimson Tide for the following fixes:
Going to the prisoner's cell for teeth now actually gives you teeth.
The clothing rebuy message now properly accounts for plurals.
You can encounter the night monster as a monsterperson more than once.
Doren's introduction text will now display appropriately should your first meeting with them be during a hypnosis event.
Typo fixes.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following fixes:
Pressing "Next" on the Tending grade feat boost boost or "Previous" on the seduction feat boost will no longer move the list back to the money boost selection.
Cleaned up some weirdness when kissing a plantperson outside of combat.
Passing out at school and being rescued by Sydney no longer causes a brief blank passage.

Thanks to Rukarin for the following fixes:
Improved the way pronouns are presented during encounters with multiple NPCs.
Fixed some errors found during encounters.
Fixed a bug that could make named NPCs invincible, among other issues.
Fixed a bug that caused the "Ask" action to display the wrong text in front of its options.
Fixed an issue with NPC descriptions.

Thanks to braymann for the following fixes:
Cumming in a pool changing room while no one is there will no longer mention how it caught everyone's attention.
The journal will now tell you what's being built when you're doing the second barn upgrade.
Fixed an error when having sex with pure Sydney.
You will no longer wear your socks over your shoes in combat.
Rewarding a wolf after sparring and losing will now say that it requires deviancy.
Typo fixes

Thanks to Bathory666 for the following fixes:
Fixed a bug that broke dobule vaginal.
Fixed an issue with double vaginal sprites.
Fixed a bug that caused the wrong text to display during double vaginal.
Fixed an issue with the doggy sprite during frottage.


0.3.5.0
Niki's photo studio can now be visited for modelling work once discovered.
NPCs can now be targeted individually during encounters with multiple NPCs. They have individual pain bars, and can be knocked out of combat one by one, but still share arousal. Defeating an NPC reduces pain and arousal. Thanks to Rukarin.
Added some lewd options to the prison yard while the inmates exercise.
Added a few events to school that can trigger after the PC has been hypnotised by Harper.
Added new orgasm locations to the school. Written by Kinky_One and coded by Lollipop Scythe.
Adjusted the residential alleyway dog event to take arm bindings into account. Thanks to Jimmy.
Added the cropped hoodie to the clothing shop. Art courtesy of 3hp.
Added encounter sprite art for longer skirts, sweaters, turtlenecks, and scarfs. Art courtesy of 3hp.
Disabling beasts will now prevent lewd events with beasts from triggering, rather than forcing them into monstergirl/boy form. Events will proceed as normal if the beast generated as a monster due to other settings.
Added a fountain to the park location image. Art courtesy of Kami.
Replaced the bodywriting toggle with a slider, letting you choose between self-bodywriting only, consensual bodywriting, consensual and forced bodywriting, and the previous but with the addition of forced tattoos.
Added new location art for the landfill, and new winter variants for the landfill, prison, Alex's cottage, Alex's farm, the cafe, Remy's farm, forest, lake, moor, museum, park, pool, pub, riding school, ruins, spa, residential alleys, and town streets. Art courtesy of Swaggy Bookshelf.
The prison will now shackle the PC with a ball and chain, rather than regular shackles. Art courtesy of PurityGuy.
Added a full view of the prison, which highlights your current location. Art courtesy of 3hp.
Also added a view of the rut once discovered.
Added light-up trainers to the clothing shop, including icons and encounter images. Art courtesy of Lantern.
Added the mini snowman to the forest shop, including encounter images. Available from 15th December. Art courtesy of lantern.
Added the curtain fringe hairstyle, and neat sides hairstyle. Art courtesy of Lantern.
Added icons for the shopping centre, hospital, and beach. Art courtesy of Myoran.
Added encounter images for nipple tape. Art courtesy of Mist.
Added a patient gown to the asylum. The staff there will provide them instead of towels.
Tips regarding disabled content no longer appear. Thanks to hwp.
The combat sprites can now display both trousers or shorts, depending on the item worn.
Added times hypnotised to the statistics overlay.
The PC may now refuse Avery's hand at the start of the restaurant date. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Added icons for the main hall and front doors of the orphanage, as well as the plaque, canteen, laundry room, medical room, and large door in prison. Also added icons for the run and lift options in the prison yard. Art courtesy of Turkeh (Formerly SlimeFox).
The sidebar should now stick to the bottom should it change length while scrolled to the bottom. Thanks to hwp.
Added the "Harper the Hypnotist" and "Morgan the Lost" feats.
The prison canteen now takes bound arms and gags into account.
Hair should now display beneath hoods. Thanks to aimozg and lifeAnime.
Added gold highlights to newly attached creatures during struggle encounters. Thanks to note leven.
Bailey now has a different greeting for the player upon their return from the underground brothel, should they escape quickly. Written by Harcher and coded by oyea.
Using the cheat menu to change transformations will now have immediate effect, rather than requiring a wait until midnight. Thanks to Beat.
Thanks to Rukarin for lots of code improvements under the hood.
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for major improvements to the clothing system.
Thanks to Jimmy, hwp, Crimson Tide and note leven for code improvements.

Thanks to oyea for the following additions and improvements:
Gave the night monster a monster-person variant, and added new scenes to its lair. Written by Mist.
Fleshed out the night monster, giving it an obsession with shiny and pretty things.
The night monster now persists between appearances, rather than being freshly generated each time.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following additions and improvements:
The owners of the pet shop may now get word of the player's beast fame, and comment accordingly. Requires beasts to be enabled and non-monster beasts to be possible. Written by Charming.
Added an event with another orphan to Domus and Danube street. Written by Charming, with some additions.
Trying to tutor a student on Domus street while school is in session now has some unique text. Written and coded by House.
The Great Hawk now has its penile/vaginal virginity intact. Does not require a new save, it will apply retroactively. Raptors mate for life!
Added two tips for blood moons.
Added a subtle hint for players that have already gone through a possession to help avoid it in the future.
Sleeping over with a traumatised Robin will no longer protect the player from strange forces.
Added tooltips, used to make the Settings page neater.
Added some new magic .css. Thanks to aimozg.
Green thumb is now a feat boost, rather than a background trait, unlocked upon getting the feat for reaching max tending. Green Thumb can still be obtained through gameplay, and saves made before this version will be unaffected.
In Green Thumb's place in the backgrounds menu is the new "Dendrophile/Plant Lover" trait. It gives the player a bonus to tending as they gain trauma, causes plantpeople and plant-based tentacles to no longer require hallucinations, makes the player more vulnerable to aphrodisiacs and alcohol, and gives the PC an addiction to nectar. This trait can be gained in-game by drinking lots of nectar, and lost by abstaining from nectar completely for a long time.
Boosting the tending skill above S rank will now provide further bonuses to crop yield, ability to pick wild plants, selling at your stand, and other areas as skill improves.
All plant-based tentacles now use nectar.
Added the Plant Lover/Dendrophile trait to the cheats menu.
For herm players, the "Crossdresser" option is now greyed out, as it doesn't do anything for them.
You can now refuse Avery's hand when on a date with them.

Thanks to Bathory666 for the following additions and improvements:
Added double vaginal, including NPC and PC initiation.
Added xray and encounter sprites for double vaginal, including NPC silhouettes.
Added NPC speech for double anal and vaginal moaning.
Added ejaculation text for chastity blocked double anal and double vaginal.
Added double tease for double anal and double vaginal.
Updated the brothel gangbang scene to take double vaginal into account.
Added a new toggle that covers both double vaginal and anal, complete with a tooltip. Double anal greys out if anal is disabled. Thanks to note leven for help with the grey-out effect.
Pussies can now be bitten, similar to penises.
Added a penis fencing encounter sprite.
Added icons for the school playground, entrance, and exit.

Thanks to Crimson Tide for coding the following scenes.
The PC can now relax with the Black Wolf. Written by Burnt Toast.
The PC can now encounter a rival wolf pack while hunting. Written by Burnt Toast.
The Black Wolf can now challenge the PC for position of alpha, if ferocity is high and harmony is low. Written by Burnt Toast.
The Black Wolf can now lead the pack in a group howl, with the PC able to join in. Impacted by transformations. Written by Burnt Toast.
The wolves may now sleep beside the PC in the wolf cave, increasing sleep quality and reducing stress and trauma. Written by Charming.
Added the ability to challenge the wolves at the cave to a fight. Written by yetanotheruser.
Added night patrol scene with the Black Wolf. Written by Necro.


Balance Changes
The night monster's behaviour in their lair is now influenced by the PC's allure. Thanks to oyea.
It's now possible to outrun the night monster via an athletics check. Thanks to oyea.
Asphyxiophilia will now give the "A Special Trait" feat, but is also required for the "A Special Trait Collector" feat.
Increased the thigh skill gained at the riding school.
The PC can no longer steal tulips while exposed. Thanks to note leven.
Removed awareness requirement for double anal penetration. Lowered chance of NPCs attempting to double penetration to compensate. Thanks to Bathory666.
Jordan can now take the PC's handholding virginity during the temple sneaking scenes. Thanks to Jimmy.
Feet skill and dance skill now have a lower impact on dodging. Added a penalty for wearing heels. Thanks to note leven.
Grabbing a creature no longer locks off other options. However, switching hands to another creature will reset grip progress. Thanks to note leven.
Failing a dodge now has a 66% chance to attach to any available bodypart per creature. Thanks to note leven.
Successfully making Robin a flower crown will now increase their love. Thanks to oyea.
The PC can now move their poked at or penetrated anus to another penis and start double anal penetration if requirements are met. Thanks to Rukarin.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following balance changes:
The ancient threat is now easier to resist with willpower if the PC hasn't robbed them.
The PC can now prevent the ancient threat giving them an ear slime by fighting them off.
The ancient threat no longer catches the PC so fast at the lake.
The ancient threat can now be encountered around town during blood moons without running in circles for over an hour.
The ancient threat is now less likely to appear outside blood moons, and the more dangerous events can only trigger at night.


Bug Fixes
Fixed a bug that made monsters transform into beasts when reloaded.
Fixed an error found during combat. Thanks to Raahs.
Adjusted the "back" hairstyle, so it doesn't clip through headwear as much. Thanks to Ppspray.
The option to slap Kylar in the canteen will no longer incorrectly indicate that it reduces Kylar's dominance.
Fixed some issues with the missionary shorts sprite.
NPCs will no longer grasp your "naked" at the town pillory should you be wearing nothing beneath your top.
Fixed issue where the sidebar's vertical position would reset back to the top each time you change passages. Thanks to hwp.
The PC will no longer clip through undamaged long skirts.
Fixed a bug that sometimes broke missionary encounter sprite clothes.
Fixed a bug that prevented wedge sandals displaying on the combat sprite.
Fixed a minor bug involving outfits with multiple types. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Text will no longer be repeated for the second hand should NPCs tug at your chastity belt with both. Thanks to lifeAnime.
Thanks to lewddude for fixing some hand target issues.
Plantpeople can no longer be encountered separately from tentacles. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Plantpeople now require hallucinations to encounter. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Fixed a bug that resulted in plantpeople impregnating you with "vine vines", rather than vines. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Thanks to Crimson Tide for formatting and typo fixes.

Thanks to note leven for the following fixes:
The journal should no longer become polluted with multiple copies of the same museum hint. New hints will also appear at the top of the list.
The "shots fired" stat will now only appear once Eden is met.
Fixed a bug at the prison wardrobe that could prevent hotkeys working.
Fixed a bug that prevented the side from being toggled.
Asking to go to the cinema too early no longer wastes 15 minutes.
The "go somewhere together" link no longer shows on the next page after clicking it.
Visiting the forest with Robin no longer blocks cinema and Halloween costume visits.
Robin no longer wears outfits of the opposite gender to the cinema when not crossdressing.
Fixed an error found during a Halloween event.
Fixed an issue with the tentacles generated along the road in the farmlands.
Formatting and minor code improvements.
Science grade no longer requires masochism to reduce pain.
Soothing pain is no longer reduced by science, and doesn't lower arousal with high masochism.
Being forcibly footstooled will now indicate a pain increase.
Fixed various small issues.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following fixes:
The ancient threat will no longer show up on the first blood moon.
Fixed some jank when this isn't Kylar.
Fixed a looping message at the lake.
The ancient threat can now hunt and catch the PC in water or on the ice at the lake.
The PC will no longer be able to look at their reflection in a nonexistent window when possessed in the storm drains.
The notification that a corruption bar has appeared in characteristics will no longer appear if the bar is already present.
Fixed some faulty logic in the lake ruin.
Fixed a bug that could stop time passing properly when sleeping with traumatised Robin.
Fixed some errors found when checking your offspring while under the ancient threat's influence.
The swimming bonus from the Athlete background and the swimming feat boost now stack properly.

Thanks to Jimmy for the following fixes:
Fixed some errors found during the flashing scene in the cafe.
Fixed a bug that prevented exhibitionism fame from accruing as intended.
Adjusted Robin's debt dialogue to take a missing console into account.
Fixed a bug that could prevent clothing rebuy from working correctly on new saves.
Fixed a Sirris-Sydney pronoun mixup.
Fixed an issue found while livestock on Remy's farm.
The "Dry your clothes" option will no longer display if all clothes are dry.
It should no longer be possible to increment Kylar's stats without advancing time.
Whitney should now be specified as the target of a dominance stat change during their scene with Kylar in the canteen.
Showering in prison should now always advance time.
Fixed some issues caused by NPCs hanging around the park toilets.
The description and effect of flaunting in prison should now match.
Added an exhibitionism requirement to the landfill milkshake scene.
All NPCs should now properly generate after fighting Bailey's goons during a farm assault.
Fixed some rogue NPCs at the farm kennel.
Fixed an issue with the clothing system.
Fixed a pronoun issue during the school detention paddle scene.
Removed an unnecessary NPC found when breaking into houses on Danube Street.
Added bratty colouring to the strife action.
Fixed some text errors found when encountering plantpeople.
Offering your body after stripping on the street should now increase prostitution fame.
The PC will now wait a minute longer when waiting for students to leave the changing rooms, lining up with 3:05.
Fixed an issue with the clothing system. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Robin should no longer lurk the tutorial encounter.
Cleared some rogue NPCs found when picking pockets on Connudatus Street.
Fixed some rogue NPCs released when eating pancakes at the cafe.
Adjusted and optimised some clothing shop code.
Fixed an NPC error found in the park toilets.
Fixed a surplus of pigs found when encountering a horde of them in the farmlands.
Fixed some issues found during the hunt scene in the underground brothel.
Clothing should now dry instantly when choosing the "dry clothing" option at the wardrobe.
Fixed a reference to the wrong guard during a Kylar prison scene.
There should no longer be a queue outside the cafe while it is closed.
Fixed a bug that could cause tentacles to be described as pussies.
Added "Hold behind back", "Stop holding behind", and "Kiss" to selectable default actions.
Kylar can no longer be soft-locked out of the game in the prison showers.
Thanks to Oyea for minor text improvements.
Thanks to hwp for fixing an issue found during a masturbation scene.
Thanks to Crimson Tide for fixing an issue found when cuddling Kylar in bed.
Whitney should no longer be able to appear outside school after you dunk them in the pool. Thanks to Talrea.
Fixed an error found on some Android devices.
Minor code and typo fixes.

Thanks to Bathory666 for the following fixes:
Fixed an old bug that occurred when trying to offer pussy or ass at the same time you straddle with the same part. It will now initiate double penetration if appropriate, and fail if not.
Teasing penises with your ass now involves your anal skill.
Fixed a bug that caused the brothel gangbang show to fail to display double penetration.
Kink presets, saves, and settings exports now update double anal penetration and plant people toggles. Thanks to Bathory666.
Fixed an issue with the new renderer displaying chastity devices beneath clothing. Thanks to aimozg.
Minor code and typo fixes.

Thanks to note leven for the following struggle encounter fixes:
Struggle encounters will now start with feet evading.
The "Hurl net" actions now prioritises staggered opponents.
The "stroke it" action should no longer reset to rest every turn.
Fixed a red wall of text found if the tutorial man hasn't been met yet.
Oxygen no longer restores on turns where you can't breathe.
Other small fixes.

Thanks to braymann for the following fixes:
Trauma will now build up properly when the player has innocence.
The game will now mention when you orgasm into someone's bowels if they have a vagina.
Removed some unnecessary line breaks when an audience comments on you in a swarm encounter.
When wearing nipple tape, students that try to undo your bra will no longer say you're wearing some kind of vest.
Fixed a bug with fertiliser decay.
You can no longer go into debt by paying your watchtower guard more money than you currently have.
Fixed some missing quotations and typos in the brothel shows. Thanks to Jimmy.
People should now only write "Walking Dildo" and "Cum Rag" on you when appropriate. Thanks to Jimmy.
Typo fixes.

Thanks to oyea for the following fixes:
Darryl will no longer appear in the social tab before the player has properly met them.
The passed-out prostitute/unwary pickpocket harassed by street cops will no longer always be female.
Fixed an issue when having sex with Eden after masturbating in the spring.
Fixed an issue with the player not getting dressed after one of the nighttime street exhibitionism events.
Typo fixes.



0.3.4.8
Fixed an error that appeared when gaining exhibitionism fame, and could cause softlocks. Thanks to Jimmy.


0.3.4.7
The prison guards should no longer remove your ankle cuffs when only meaning to remove your arm binds, and you should no longer be able to remove your cuffs in your cell.
The "More Than a Number" feat will now correctly indicate that you need to learn five names.
Fixed a bug that made the prison guards expect 9 hours of work even when the PC arrives too late for that to be possible.

Thanks to note leven for the following fixes:
Fixed an error that could appear when loading old saves.
Fixed an issue found during encounters with an audience.
Moved the seeds entry to the bottom of the journal and locked it until the PC discovers some seeds.
Fixed a bug that caused semen and slime coatings to be ignored during a forest event.
Fixed a softlock in the submerged prison.
Herm pussy inspections should now take chastity devices into account.
Fixed some issues with the prison punishments scenes.
Fixed some issues with beast generation at the prison spire.
Fixed some formatting issues and typos.

Thanks to oyea for the following fixes:
Plantpeople will no longer use the text for beasts when asked to stop.
The relaxed guard will no longer stay in the laundry room after lockdown to greet the player.
Fixed a text output issue when refusing to have sex with the scarred inmate.
Fixed the graffiti community service job missing location art.
Typo fixes.

Bug Fixes
Captured a rogue NPC in the prison.
The prison should now keep better track of whether the PC is working.
Fixed a bug that allowed the PC to work prison jobs during lunch, and over night.
The guards will now remove the right clothes when the chastisement punishment starts.
Adjusted the prison jumpsuit.
Fixed issues with the time taken to eat in the prison.
Time no longer warps when helping an inmate to the medical room.
The PC will now properly take a shower after apologing in the prison changing room.
The social overlay should now properly describe the guard's opinion of the PC.
The relaxed guard will no longer ask for oral if the PC is gagged.
The PC will now dress after passing out when being prostituted in the prison.
Fixed an error found when loading previously generated persistent NPCs.
The PC will no longer speak while gagged when being spanked by the scarred inmate, or when leaving the rut.
Fighting the scarred inmate will no longer trap the PC in the void.
Fighting the scarred inmate will now prevent another interaction in their cell for the rest of the day.
The anxious guard will no longer repeatedly assault you after defeating them, having been caught outside your cell.
Prison location art will now display during winter.
The clothing shop no longer gives out kitty ears for free.
Tape is now sold by the clothing shop, has the sticky trait, and an appropriate description.
The guards should now take the PC to their cell when returning from the rut at night.
Fixed an error found in a link when a guard offers to remove your leash or ankle cuffs.
Fixed a 0 error found when leered at by a pair of inmates in the prison.

Thanks to bsmith for the following fixes:
Fixed an error on the prison boat.
Fixed an error in the clothing system.
Fixed an error at the pharmacy.
Fixed an issue with having the leash removed at the canteen.
Removed dead link at the prison.
Clothes no longer disappear when sleeping naked in prison.
Duplicate options no longer appear when stealing shark teeth in the laundry room.
Nude Gender Appearance no longer resets when loading a save
Fixed a formatting issue.

Thanks to Jimmy for the following fixes:
Fixed a couple of issues with NPC generation that caused several errors.
Removed duplicate options in the laundry room.
Corrected the number of shark teeth described during the laundry skulduggery event.
Fixed an error message found when slipping in the prison.
Fixed a broken link.
Corrected passage name "Prison Pimp WaRapell" to "Prison Pimp Rape"
Typo fixes.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following fixes:
Fixed an error with the banish action in abomination encounters.
Fixed an issue with persistent NPCs and the new "role" NPC stat.
Fixed the blood moon mirror icon being improperly labeled as a .png instead of a .gif, and thus breaking.

Thanks to Crimson Tide for the following fixes:
Fixes several typos in the prison area (every prison typo, hopefully), and a few outside the prison
You're now told how many teeth you have when shopping with Wren
The prison social menu now properly shows how the guards think of you
Updated tentacle encounters slightly. The notice on how many tentacles are present is now part of <<statetentacles>>
Many typo fixes.

Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes:
Fixed issues with wardrobe names.
Fixed a number of issues with the prison wardrobe.
Fixed a link in the prison wardrobe.
Fixed an issue with clothing being lost in the system.
Fixed an issue with the ruining of clothes.
Fixed an error found when requesting the tailor repair all your clothes.
You can now undress and redress properly when sleeping in the prison cell.
Adjusted outfit messages to make the referred to wardrobe clearer.
Fixed prison clothes being sent to the wrong wardrobe when multiple wardrobes are disabled.


0.3.4.6
Fixed bugs caused by going back in history after loading old saves. Thanks to note leven.
Thanks to note leven for code and performance improvements.

Thanks to note leven for the following additions and improvements:
Added the ability to peek into the rut if you haven't yet acquired a rope.
Added flavour text to the prison bed.
Gave the guards more unique text when watching the player.
The relaxed, anxious and veteran guards will now greet the player daily depending on their love.
Added a checkbox to disable autosaves to the options menu in the sidebar.

Balance Changes
The police will no longer expect you at community service if you're imprisoned or being treated at the asylum.
Saving the anxious guard without making demands will now increase Kindness fame.
Adjusted the rate NPCs try to frot.

Bug Fixes
Fixed an ancient bodywriting bug. Thanks to note leven.
Fixed a bodywriting-related bug. Thanks to hwp and oyea.
Fixed a bug caused by working on school projects on the night of the competition. Thanks to braymann and oyea.
NPCs will no longer admire parasites through clothing. Thanks to braymann and oyea.
Female lizards will no longer be described as having deposited their seed.
Fixed an ancient oversight that lead to autosaves being overwritten immediately after loading them. Thanks to note leven.
Fixed journal mentioning museum hints when none are given and winter before ever meeting them. Thanks to note leven.
Fixed an issue that prevented penises from being considered appropriately in prison. Thanks to note leven.
Fixed an error found in the storm drains. Thanks to PurityGuy.
The guards will now remove gags and blindfolds they forgot about.

Thanks to oyea for the following fixes:
Extended the previous fix for gender-specific titles to apply to Jordan.
Fixed issues with some encounters at Remy's farm.
The anxious guard will no longer turn into the methodical guard at lockdown.
Descending the spire now actually requires having a rope.
The rope now costs its listed price of 100 teeth, rather than 50.
The Great Hawk will no longer steal you from Alex's farm to undo your bindings.
Fixed a softlock when getting Sydney's hair cut.
Fixed a softlock in the farm kennel.
The player will no longer be influenced by a plantperson's nectar when their ass is against the player's mouth.
Fixed an issue causing shackles to be removed in the prison.
The player can no longer wrestle an inmate with their arms bound.
The guards' hose is no longer powerful enough to destroy clothing.
Fixed the veteran guard using the relaxed guard's name when releasing the player.
The player will no longer be told to confront Bailey about Robin's debt if they've already done so.
Angels will no longer be able to banish metal tendrils in the landfill.
Plantpeople settings are now saved when exported.
Typo fixes.

Thanks to braymann for the following fixes:
Having a NPC move their penis from your penis to your ass will no longer create a vagina for male PCs.
Fixed an rng bug on the moor.
Alex is no longer extremely flexible when giving oral to the player after they make tea.
Fixed some errors with persistent NPCs.
People in the audience will now be able to pull out their phones again.
Fixed a bug that broke enemy health.
Fixed an error related to double-anal.


0.3.4.5
Small improvements to phallus plant masturbation text. Thanks to hwp.
Added a toggle for plantpeople. They are no longer dependant on monster people, tentacles and hallucinations. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Wrote variants for plantpeople scenes without vines, should tentacles be disabled. Non-tentacle plantpeople have lower max arousal. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Expands penis options with fencing to allow taking between thighs, offer anus, and offer double anal. Thanks to Bathory666.
Thanks to hwp for code and performance improvements.

Bug Fixes
Fixed a broken link found when talking with Jordan. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Fixed several plantpeople sex scenes so actions are always considered deviant.
Fixed a rare bug when a plantperson examines a parasite on the PC.
Fixed an issue where phallus plant masturbation options weren't remembering the player's last choice, requiring the player to manually select an option each round. Thanks to hwp.
Fixed an issue where clothing was not properly accounted for during phallus plant masturbation, resulting in vagina or anus options assuming that the player was not wearing clothes. Thanks to hwp.
Fixed an issue with frottage. Thanks to Bathory666.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following fixes:
NPCs with gender-sensitive titles (huntress, etc.) now have those titles changed when their gender is changed by the player in the settings.
Fixed an error when Sydney ejaculates.
Fixed another error when approaching Kylar in the winter.
Fixed an error when the hoodie is ruined.
The new threat no longer horrifyingly tears your naked to shreds.
The canteen event between Whitney and Kylar will now properly show the dominance gain and loss to belong to Whitney, rather than Kylar.
You no longer gain and lose suspicion by escaping with Kylar, instead losing Jealousy as intended.
Typo fixes.


0.3.4.4
Added a "hands" category to the forest shop. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Enabled the history depth setting.
Thanks to Crimson Tide for cleaning up some code.

Balance Changes
The "Max Those Shots" feat now requires all seven pepper spray charges to unlock. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Eden now only rescues you if you pass out in the street a third of the time, as opposed to every single time. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Added the school type to the outfit editor. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.

Bug Fixes
Fixed an error found during an interaction between Whitney and Kylar in the canteen. Thanks to bsmith.
Fixed a formatting issue with the gender slider on Android. Thanks to GayRaccoon.
The necklace will now properly equip during one of the Halloween sequences.
Fixed a clothing type. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed an issue that broke clothes, and removed all existing broken items. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed an issue with clothing integrity. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed a few missing exit errors with the new threat. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Fixed many errors with persistent NPCs. Thanks to PurityGuy.

Thanks to oyea for the following fixes:
Fixed a text output error with the new Robin reunion scenes.
Fixed a bug that caused the guards to miss their lunch/dinner cues.
Fixed a bug that wiped guards' memories of the PC's punishments when entering the showers, so they would forget to remove them.
Fixed a bug causing an inmate to steal the methodical guard's identity.
Fixed a clothing bug. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Fixed a bug when walking with Kylar in the park. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Typo fixes.

Thanks to Crimson Tide for the following fixes:
Fixed a large number of errors and soft locks.
Fixed a bug while penis frotting with beasts.
Fixed a formatting issue at the end of abomination encounters while listing tentacles.
Kylar is no longer telepathic if you're gagged, and you need to pantomime to them that you want to escape.
You can now see Kylar's status in the social menu if you're both imprisoned.
Fixed a bug that prevented the "More than a Number" feat unlocking.
Made it possible to encounter Kylar in the prison on saves made in versions 0.3.4.0 - 0.3.4.2.
If you're gagged during the Kylar basement scene, the game will now act like you're actually gagged.
Fixed a recently implemented bug regarding Kylar in variables-versionUpdate
Updated the full_gray shorts image.
Altered some of the new threat's text, which was previously backwards.
Fixed a small issue with the map.
Simplified the code that checks if plantpeople are enabled.
A few typos and punctuation issues.


0.3.4.3
Added Kylar to prison, and a way to rescue them.
Added a soap icon to the prison showers while they're in use. Art courtesy of KG and PurityGuy.
Players can properly escape from two cocks. There's also a chance one of them will stop. NPCs will not be pleased. Thanks to Bathory666.
Added trauma, pain, bruises, and violence to double anal ejaculation text for nonconsensual encounters. Removed an instance from consensual. Thanks to Bathory666.
Updated penis frottage text. Thanks to Bathory666.
Added an icon for the "Sticky" clothes trait. Thanks to oyea.
Made a cosmetic change to the end of the new Halloween event. Credit Thanks to aimozg.
Added the option for the player to decide what to wear when they wake up. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Added a "Get Dressed" link to the school pool when the PC swims naked. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Thanks to hwp for code improvements.

Balance Changes
Increased the speed the PC moves through the rut while blindfolded.
Wolves ejaculating during penis frottage will now increase Wolf transformation points. Thanks to Bathory666.

Bug Fixes
Wren should now only appear at the prison beach on Fridays.
Mason no longer repeats the phrase, "Climb out, I want to see your diving technique." Thanks to Bathory666.
Fixed a broken link found during a Halloween tentacle encounter.
Fixed an error found in the moor. Thanks to bsmith.
The anxious and veteran guards will no longer steal the relaxed guard's name when leaving the prison.

Thanks to oyea for the following fixes:
Your nude gender appearance settings will now save when you export settings. Fixed an issue with asphyxiation settings not exporting properly if the slider is all the way up.
"Use the key" will no longer be listed as a Place of Interest on Elk Street. Instead, the player will be given the option to approach the landfill and use the key at the gate, should they have one in their possession
The player will be given a hint when investigating the landfill without the required skulduggery or a key.
Breaking down in front of Sydney will now decrease their Lust as advertised.
Fixed a bug preventing Sydney from properly punishing book criminals.
Fixed an error found at the end of the new Halloween event.
Typos.

Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes:
Fixed an issue with clothing sets.
Fixed a couple of issueswith wardrobe locations.
Fixed a couple of issues with wardrobe error messages.
Fixed an issue found when dressing after sleeping at the prison.
Fixed an issue with the clothing system at the prison and asylum.


0.3.4.2
Fixed the never ending Halloween encounter. Thanks to PurityGuy.


0.3.4.1
Added an icon for the prison trait on clothes. Thanks to oyea.
Minor balance changes to the new Halloween threat. Thanks to PurityGuy.



0.3.4.0
Added the prison. Repeat offenders are sent there instead of the pillory.
Improved wardrobe code to allow different wardrobes to carry different items. For now, only the asylum and prison wardrobes are separate from the main network. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe. Can be disabled in Settings.
Added an outfit editor, accessed to the right of the clothing set controls. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Added location art for the prison. Thanks to 3hp.
Added prison overalls. Art courtesy of KG and PurityGuy.
Added new encounter images for trousers, and other non-skirt lowerwear. Also added unique encounter art for jeans. Art courtesy of KG.
Added a slider to determine whether NPCs ignore or consider your genitals when considering your gender, or judge your gender based on genitals alone, as in old versions. Thanks to GayRaccoon.
Added "Days spent in prison" to the statistics overlay, and a prison section to the Social overlay.
Added the prison shirt, prison trousers, prison jumpsuit, and "free use" collar.
The leash can now be properly detached from collars.
Added kitty ears to the clothing shop. Art courtesy of Hyomi.
Added winter variants for the museum, Alex's cottage, Alex's farm, pub, and cafe location art. Courtesy of SlimeFox.
Thanks for SlimeFox for the cell icon.
Added an additional peper spray charge.
Added winter location art to the forest, as well as heart and demon wing icons. Courtesy of Golden Skullky.
Added icons for the houses on the Domus and Danube Streets.
Added a unique icon to the orphanage mirror, and another for the mirror during blood moons. Art courtesy of Conhue.
Added tape to the clothing shop, which can be used to cover the PC's nipples, but not much else. Also added the "sticky" clothing trait. Art courtesy of Mist.
Added the cow bra, cow panties, cow socks, and cow sleeves to the forest shop, unlocked alongside the cow bell. Art courtesy of Mist.
Expanded the scene triggered by running into a student when begging for clothes on Domus Street, taking crossdressing and crossdressing reputation into account. Thanks to GayRaccoon.
Added new dialogue when refusing the clothes provided by Leighton. Thanks to GayRaccoon.
Expanded the Leighton drug search scene to be more reactive to crossdressing and chastity into account. Thanks to GayRaccoon.
Adjusted the pillory body-writing scene to be a little more specific depending on the action. Thanks to Jimmy.
The cumdump trait now influences the oral scene at the card game with Wren. Thanks to Nicky Lassandri.
Added a chest binder to the clothing shop. Thanks to Prince Nex.
Added detention score to the Extra Statistics overlay.
Thanks to Rukarin for a debug tool.
Added the "More than a Number", "Time and Pressure", "Breaker", "Institutionalised", "Friends in the Sky", and "Not Meant to be Caged" feats.
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe, Rukarin, and Jimmy for code improvements.
Thanks to note leven for code improvements, and extra warnings for history depth setttings.
Thanks to johndoe80 and note leven for performance improvements.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following additions and improvements:
Added a new threat, active on blood moons. It stalks the world from the first Halloween. If Halloween has already passed on old saves, it'll begin with the next blood moon.
Added the "banish" combat action to the angel transformation, that causes heavy damage to tentacles. Grows stronger with the PC's angelicness, and purity. Doesn't work on plant-based tentacles.
Tentacles can now be different colours, depending on their source.
Added "pale" slimes and tentacles, and their offspring. Pale offspring grant stronger benefits.

Thanks to Crimson Tide for the following additions and improvements:
Added plantpeople. They use both human and tentacle mechanics, as well as some of their own. Beware their nectar! Their scenes require tentacles to be enabled, monsterpeople to be enabled, and monsterpeople to be possible.
Added consensual and non-consensual plantperson events to the moor. 
Added a plantperson event to the underground brothel, and another way to escape.
Added ambient plantperson events around the world.
Kylar now reacts to bodywriting during encounters, including unique reactions to their own bodywriting and the stduent love interests' bodywritings.
Expanded Kylar's reactions to bodywriting while chatting. They no longer get jealous over pictures of unicorns.
At very high jealousy, Kylar now holds thier knife at the PC's throat during the encounter in the alleyway.
Kylar's comments about making babies now make more sense based on their knowledge of the PC's gender.
Kylar now reacts to Sydney's confessions.
Kylar no longer hurts themselves on your halo.
Kylar acts more arrogant at high jealousy, and doesn't ask permissoin before stroking your hair.
The player now gets a notice if Kylar's praise pushes the player's penis acceptance over 1000.
Added lines for Kylar taking a first kiss outside combat.
Adjusted some of Sydney's text about chastity belts, fixing a minor plothole.
The PC can now think of Alex at the great hawk's tower.
Added to the temple prayer outcomes. The PC may now think of Sydney and Alex.
Added pure variants for pleading and demanding against Sydney.
The game now warns you more reliably when an option will cause the PC to be written on.
Bailey reacts to you entering the office while disassociated, at high pain, covered in semen, and at high arousal.
On repeat visits, Bailey can now comment on the reasons you might be in their office. They might spank the PC if bothered too many times.
It's now possible to purity a corrupt Sydney. The only two ways are to scold them after they peep on you in the changing room, or to pray with them.
Upon being purified, a notification message will display that describes Sydney's change.
A similar message will display when Sydney is corrupted.
Plant-based tentacles and their offspring will now be described as vines, roots, and shoots.
Metal tentacles are also more appropriately named.
It's now possible for Sydney to be corrupted during sex. The notification will display at the end of the encounter.
Sydney always gains purity while praying, even when you're praying for different sizes of penis and breasts.
When Sydney becomes corrupted, they're guaranteed to actually become corrupted, rather than remain neutral.
Many code improvements.

Thanks to Khau for the following additions and improvements:
Added Eden's dominance to the social tab.
Added Eden's dominance to the cheats menu.
Eden's dominance will now affect their interactions with you in certain scenes.
You can now ask Eden for a collar if their dominance is high enough.
You will no longer use two jars of salve per night if you massage Eden until midnight.
You will no longer be gathering ingredients if you refuse to make Eden breakfast.
If you're exposed while Eden leaves to hunt and choose to go inside the cabin, you will no longer be sent straight to the wardrobe.
You can now ask Eden to join you in the spring, provided that it's clean.
Eden will now offer to wash you at high love.

Thanks to hwp for the following additions and improvements:
Fingering during masturbation is now only possible with one hand at a time, but you can insert multiple fingers one at a time.
Made vaginal wetnessmore impactful, with vaginal masturbation having a direct effect on vaginal wetness
Added the ability to play with your balls while masturbating.
Relaxed the skill requirements for autofellatio, depending on the player's penis size. Also expanded the "take it into your mouth" option.
Hid body part sizes that don't apply to your character during character creation. Thanks to hwp.
Code improvements.
Performance improvements.
Reworked vaginal wetness calculations. Arousal increases wetness more slowly, but active masturbation increases it more quickly.

Thanks to Bathory666 for the following additions and improvements.
The PC and NPCs can now initiate frottage during encounters with two penises involved. Includes beasts, and custom text for Robin, Kylar, and Sydney.
Added double anal penetration to encounters, consensual and non-consensual. Consensual taking two cocks at once has awareness and promiscuity requirements.
Players can lose virginity to two NPCs at the same time.
Added audiance reactions to double penetration.
Added an additional reward when receiving double penetration during Briar's brothel shows.
Added xray animations for double penetration.
Added a double penetration toggle to Settings. Disabled by default.
Thanks to hwp for help, and to braymann for bug fixes.

Thanks to oyea for coding the following scenes:
Robin may attempt to bring the player home from the brothel if certain requirements are met. Written by Harcher, with code help from hwp.
Added a new event with Eden in place of their usual hunting trip, available at high lust. Written by Harcher.
Added a new event when visiting Bailey in their office. Written by Harcher.
If Robin's trauma is high enough, the player may be prompted to spend the night with them. Written by AVeryChillDoctor.
In combat, NPCs may now comment on excessive amounts of lewd fluid or any parasites on the player's body. Written by Kinky_One.
Added an event to the town's streets. Written by Kinky_One.
Added an event to the town's streets at night. Written by slainwarri0r.
Added a new punishment to detention. Written by DP.
Added a new punishment when recaptured by Remy with low Obedience. Written by whatifcatsare.
Certain NPCs will comment upon the player escaping the asylum, underground brothel, or Remy's farm. Written by Harcher.
Slightly altered the scene where Remy punishes you for making noise in your cell. Defiant PCs will no longer cower and beg for mercy at the sight of Remy's whip. Written by oyea.


Balance Changes
Worker events at Alex's farm are now more likely to trigger.
Kylar now gets more jealous if Sydney wipes off one of their unique bodywriting objects. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Penetrating Sydney in the prayer room is no longer necessary if you enter with a chastity belt. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
You can now join Eden while they're in the bath, even if you declined the first time. Thanks to Khau.
You will no longer be unclean after having an encounter with Eden in the spring. Thanks to Khau.
You can no longer remove your clothing while masturbating if your arms are bound.
Reduced the chance of capture by the school janitor at the gloryhole. Thanks to Jimmy.
Adjusted love requirements for Sydney's love interest event to 100 out of max love (150). Thanks to Jimmy and PurityGuy.
The group of bullies in the lake mermaid event will no longer squirt semen out of their pussies if they're female. Thanks to oyea.
Generic NPC security skill can now go all the way to S, making them harder to hide from during stalking encounters. This won't affect potential guards for hire at the pub, who use the security skill to determine effectiveness. Thanks to oyea.
The letterman jacket now counts as school uniform.


Bug Fixes
Passing the temple punishment with Sydney will now put them back in the temple's good graces.
Fixed a softlock with Whitney in the park.
Fixed an issue that bloated save file size. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
FIxed a bug that caused the adjective for penis size to be printed twice. Thanks to hwp.
The change to bodypart size will on happen at the appropriate moment during hospital procedures. Thanks to hwp.
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for typo and minor code fixes.
Fixed a bug that allowed NPCs to remove legwear without first removing shoes, and prevented them from removing shoes at all.
Removed the redundant option to tuck in the checkered shirt.
Being sentenced to the pillory should now increment the associated statistic.
Fixed a bug that caused the game to crash when saving at a wardrobe or shop with history controls enabled. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Thanks to Raahs for fixing an error.
Fixed a bug that could prevent Sydney's purity rising as often as intended. Thanks to Raahs.
Fixed a bug that could cause Alex to patrol when they weren't meant to, or embark on a never-ending patrol. Thanks to definitely_not_a_cop.
Fixed a Sydney bug. Thanks to note leven.
The skulduggery improvement message now shows the correct level if you've gained more than one level in a day. Thanks to note leven.
Fixed an issue with booty jorts and the keyhole skirt.
Flavour text will now describe the PC's breasts when wearing an undertop that leaves them exposed.
Fixed a graphical issue with booty jorts. Thanks to anon.
Fixed a couple of combat bugs. Thanks to oyea.
Fixed a bug that allowed Sydney to trap the PC in the prayer room if they're both male and anal is disabled. Thanks to oyea.
The school nurse will no longer warp time.
Fixed a rogue NPC caused by being rescued when entangled in the orphanage garden.
Punishing foxgirls/boys in the meadow should now properly be considered a deviant act.
Fixed a bug that prevented some harpy transformation lines from triggering.
Striking with both hands during combat should now be described as such.
You will no longer gain defiance when apologising to Remy after a failed escape. Thanks to oyea.
Fixed an issue when having sex with a shady fan on the streets. Thanks to oyea.
NPCs can now only comment on one bodywirting per turn. Thanks to oyea.
Revealed strap-ons are no longer described as "fully erect." Thanks to Bathory666.
Net skill will now increase when failing to catch lurkers during farm events, rather than when succeeding, and will be properly marked as doing so.
Fixed a bug that hid legwear on the back leg.
Plain thighhighs should now display on the encounter sprites.
Vaginal wetness making underwear transparent will no longer be describes as revealing your genitals if there's something opaque above it. Thanks to hwp.
Thanks to note leven for other fixes.
Thanks to oyea for typo fixes.
Thanks to Dualium for typo fixes.

Thanks to Jimmy for the following fixes:
Fixed a bug that a stress increase display.
Added a missing bathroom icon.
Fixed Sydney not having their temple virginity reset during punishment. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Fixed an incorrect calculation of the crime statistics when trying on clothing and leaving the store at night.
Added virginity warnings when taking Kylar's kissing virginity in a few scenes.
Code improvements.
Typo fixes

Thanks to hwp for the following fixes:
Fixed an issue with penises in the character viewer.
Fixed a bug that prevented balls appearing on the character preview.
The character viewer can now cycle back to herm when changing gender.

Thanks to Crimson Tide for the following fixes:
Kylar now reacts to Sydney's confession.
Kylar no longer reacts with horror and anger to crossdressing or herm PCs.
Makign noise while giving Sydney oral under the counter now counts as making noise.
Added some missing handholding virginity checks to Kylar's Halloween sequence.
Kylar's Halloween sequence, and walking in the park with them, now count as dates.
Kylar will no longer mention a herm PC's clit.
Kylar is no longer present in the library after tackling Leighton.
Fixed an issue in debug mode.
Fixed a save compatibility issue.
Scenes involving Robin and another named NPC will on longer print Robin's confidence regardless of the NPC it applies to.
Jordan no longer view sfallen angels as dirty during the exam, if they have come forward to Jordan and requested forgiveness.
Adjusted a scene involving a contact lens to make more sense.
Fixed an issue with temple purity and the rite of promise.
Sydney walking in on you masturbating in the temple is no longer framed as a negative thing by the text color if you're in a relationship with Sydney.
You no longer think of NPCs in the prayer room if they're dismissed.
Fixed bugs that made Sydney and Kylar forgetful.
NPCs will now react to taking the PC's first kiss if the PC initiated the kiss.
Pens can now be properly whacked out of named NPC hands during encounters with multiple named NPCs.
NPCs reacting to an arrow on your pubic region will now attempt to fuck your pussy, rather than your ass.
Image bodywriting wil no longer be described in quotation marks as if it were text.
Typo and minor fixes.

Thanks to braymann for the following fixes:
Insecurity can now be gained like usual again.
Fixed some broken text when two npcs try to write on the player in the same place at the same time.
Fixed an error when the player is about to penetrate a vagina in multi-npc encounters.
One of the other criminals in community service will no longer try to press someone else's penis against you.
Great hawk will no longer occasionally look like a dog.
The "Ejaculated on/in" stat will no longer increase multiple times from a single ejaculation.
Fixed a rare error related to bodywriting.
Fixed a missing color in the "Your skulduggery has improved to S" message.
Monster people will no longer comment on your bodywriting.
Fixed a bug related to breaking the chastity vow.
Fixed the science grade requirements for searching for flower seeds.
Fixed a instances where people cumming inside the player's vagina wouldn't actually increase the amount of semen in there.
Covering your penis during combat will no longer have the game say you're covering your pussy.
NPCs will no longer ignore footwear when taking off the player's socks during combat.
Fixed a problem when only your underwear is soaked and nothing else.
The pajamas you get during Avery's hotel date will no longer randomly appear on your body again when you visit your wardrobe.
Fixed a couple typos during the nude science demonstration.
Sydney will no longer be able to magically erase tattoos with their marker.
Fixed an error when praying with Sydney.
Fixed a bug where the game will say there are zero swarms remaining, and they're all moving towards you.
The player will now take Kylar's oral virginity when they finish the player off after having sex.
Fixed a bug where it will say you gained the penis acceptance after having sex with Kylar, despite already having the trait.
Fixed a rare error when people mention the player's micropenis.
Studying before class will now have the same effectiveness as studying in the library.
When in the pillory, the people who try to get oral from you will no longer orgasm in a single turn.
Writing "Cowgirl" on yourself will no longer break the game.
Added some more text highlighting to the market stall where it was missing.
The hooded couple that talk about the player's good fames will no longer always mention the same type of fame.
Masturbating in the temple will now give exhibitionism.
Fixed a bug where npcs weren't actually grabbing your clothes when the game says they are.
Fixed an error when refusing to give Avery a kiss.
Fixed a softlock when passing out in the park bathrooms.
Irrigated fields will no longer need watering right after the player plants something in them.
Great Hawk will no longer be able to bring back clothing that can't be bought in the store.
Removed some corrupted text when dying pubic hair.
Fixed some text that was overlapping the closeup images at the end of encounters.
Fixed an error when wearing damaged armsleeves.
Fixed a bug that caused npcs to try to pull down your panties before they even moved your pants.
During Blackjack, the round will now end immediately if Wren was dealt a natural Blackjack.
You will now get the Anal Mother trait as soon as you birth a third parasite, instead of the next time you get impregnated after that.
The game will now properly tell you what farm upgrade is currently happening when looking in the journal or at Alex's desk.
Passive tanning during autumn and spring will now happen at the proper rate.
Fixed a couple instances there the player feels "Lightheated".
Fixed some of the wording when Jordan is explaining chastity belts to make it more obvious that it doesn't protect against sodomy by default.
NPCs starting encounters by making you give them oral will no longer allow them to contort their bodies.
The watchtower guard will now ask for the correct amount of money if you missed some payments.
Fixed a bug that sometimes caused there to be absolutely no text at the end of an encounter in the park toilets.
Fixed a couple bugs that can happen when beating people up in gangbangs.
NPCs are no longer able to give you footjobs when your genitals are being used by someone else already.
Fixed some issues with suffocation during combat.
You are no longer forced to buy at least one dog treat when you examine them in the pet store.
Monster people can now properly choke the player.
You are no longer able to go into debt by paying the pharmacist more money than you currently have.
Fixed some bugs that could prevent you from writing certain bodywritings on yourself.
NPCs will no longer immediately forget that they just wrote something on you and react to it like they've never seen it before.
The random solo tentacle in the streets will no longer be named "Large Tentacle" if it isn't able to impregnate the player.
Fixed a problem where beasts aren't able to trigger the "npc has broken free" error message.
Fixed a dog that breaks free from the beach.
You will no longer be able to get an extra raise from the docks to reach £21 an hour.
NPCs will no longer try to remove your mask if someone else already removed it on the same turn.
NPCs are no longer able to sit on your face through a wall.
The wiper virus will get rid of the proper amount of crime now.
Fixed a problem with using your chest during masturbation not giving the right amount of arousal.
Female PCs will no longer get the option to cover their penis.
NPCs will no longer keep choking you after you beat them up in multi-person encounters.
NPCs will no longer clasp their hand over your mouth when you scream if you're stuck in a wall.
The "Minutes spent masturbating" stat will no longer get reset to 1 all the time.
The right person in multi-person encounters will comment on how they took your virginity, instead of just the first person.
Fixed some issues with the text in swarm encounters.
Fixed an error when people offer sex after reading your bodywriting.
Fixed an issue with frottage NPC damage.

Thanks to GayRaccoon for the following fixes:
Fixed an issue with an NPC response to bodywriting.
Fixed an issue with the "Whitney's Toy" bodywriting.
Leighton should now properly take the herm gender into account when giving a spare uniform.
Water balloons can now target the chests of crossdressing boys.
Begging for clothes on Domus Street will now take gender apperance and herm PCs into account.
Receiving clothes when waking at the hospital will now take gender appearance into account.
Robin's letter now takes the PC's gender appearance and crossdressing trait into account.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following fixes:
Blood moons now properly end at 6am, with the sunrise.
Fixed a grammar issue around pyjama shirts.
Fixed many grammar issues with anal pregnancy.
A hidden tentacle will no longer stalk the PC after tentacle encounters.
Fixed an overlay issue.





0.3.3.4
Fixed a bug that prevented Sydney properly asking an initiate PC if they want to walk to the temple. Thanks to mabordo and PurityGuy.
Fixed an error found when wearing the monster hoodie with a flat chest.
Fixed a bug with the collared molestation event. Thanks to braymann.
The keyhole dress is now considered feminine. Thanks to braymann.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following fixes:
Fixed the player being unable to get their own semen on their right hand.
Sydney can no longer erase tattoos with their pen.
Fixed a duplicated line when getting Sydney off as they spank you.
Sydney should now refer to the player's chastity belt and clothing properly.
Fixed a potential issue with Sydney helping to clean the garden and quarters.


0.3.3.3
Thanks to Crimson Tide for code optimisation.
Added a one-time reaction to Kylar seeing their name tattooed on you, decreasing jealousy. Thanks to Crimson Tide.

Balance changes
Robin's lemonade will no longer encourage rebelliousness among the orphans.
Waving back to students who recognise you will reduce less stress.

Bug Fixes
Fixed a bug that prevented "Book Criminal >:(" being written on Kylar unless school was out of term. Thanks to Crimson Tide
Objecting to Alex's plans for their lab will now consistently reduce love.
The NPCs who the PC can model for on Domus Street should now respect gender sliders more consistently.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following fixes:
Fixed Eden cumming so hard the game bugs out.
Fixed a pod of 0s being startled by the lifeguard that rescues you.
Fixed some pronoun issues with Sydney at the beach.
Changed Sydney's love in the cheat menu to properly show the new max value.
Hid unfinished content.
Expunged Girl's Changing Coom from existence again.
Fixed an error with certain vaginal actions.
Fixed persistent generic NPCs having their pronouns replaced with 0s.
Fixed Kylar being so jealous of Sydney that they softlock the game by dropping a book.
Fixed Gwylan using their witch powers to open a black hole when Robin walks into the forest shop.
Fixed some pronoun confusion with Sydney in the canteen.
Sydney will no longer accompany the player to the temple only to immediately go back to school.
Typo fixes.

Thanks to bsmith for the following fixes:
Fixed a rogue NPC unleashed when being groped in the street.
Barn and lab should no longer appear on the same line at alex's farm.
Typo fixes.

Thanks to braymann for the following fixes:
Fixed another potential bug with named npc generation.
Fixed a bug where sometimes monster people would have a default dog sprite.
Fixed a bug where delinquency decay would happen on the wrong days.
Gloryholes will once again require promiscuity 4 to enter.
Fixed a missing image error with the Shadbelly Coat.


0.3.3.2
Thanks to oyea for typo fixes.
Fixed an error found in the Traits overlay. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following fixes:
Virginity warnings should no longer appear if the PC isn't a virgin.
Fixed an error message.
Fixed a text issue with Sydney in the temple garden.
Fixed a case of Sydney's virginity not being protected, and a case of it not being assigned properly.
Hid some unfinished content.
Fixed an issue with repeating text when the player engages in vaginal sex.
Other issues.


0.3.3.1
Thanks to hwp for code improvements.

Bug Fixes.
Fixed a bug that caused men to carry purses instead of wallets. Thanks to Allison.
Fixed an error found when cumming in someone's ass. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Captured an NPC that broke free after groping the PC's ass on the street.
Hid some unfinished content. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed an issue with the new Harper scene. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed an error found during combat. Thanks to oyea.
Thanks to oyea for typo fixes.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following fixes:
Fixed misplaced text when taking Robin's oral virginity outside of combat.
Fixed being able to choose love interest specific bodywriting with the starting bodywriting feat.
Fixed an error when initializing the chastity variables on persistent generic NPCs.
Fixed a few formatting issues in one of Sydney's scenes.
Fixed some cases of Sydney having pants where they really shouldn't.
Fixed inconsistent NPC Virginity establishment.
Sydney will no longer write "Sinner" on the player instead of something nice.
Sydney now actually goes to classes during the second and third school periods.
Sydney now has a higher max love threshold, and romance requires more love.
Sydney should no longer have their purity stat become hidden.
Fixed an error found when the PC undresses NPCs.
Fixed an instance of Sydney escaping the temple. They can't avoid their responsibilities that easily.
Fixed a softlock with Sydney in the temple.
The weather will no longer noclip through the roof via divine intervention when Sydney has a serious talk with the player.
Fixed a bug that could cause money to drop into negatives when buying glasses.
Fixed a bug found when Sydney removes your chastity belt.
The player can no longer dodge detention by leaving school with Sydney.
Fixed an error when any NPC approaches the player's butt.
Praying with Sydney now works as intended.
Typo fixes.


0.3.3.0
Added the "confront" action to stalk encounters, allowing you to face your pursuers at once. Slightly increases combat fame.
Added horse, cow, pig, dog, and chicken icons to Alex's farm. Art courtesy of SleepDage.
Added new text to science class to account for having your gender revealed when clothes are ripped. Thanks to GayRaccoon.
Made some adjustments to playing Blackjack with Wren. Winning will now list the options that are unavailable due to a lack of daring.
Adjusted the order of stats in the characteristics, statistics and cheat menus, so that "positive" and "negative" stats are listed together. Thanks to braymann.
Awareness is now presented in the characteristics menu like the other stats, with 7/7 representing max awareness. Thanks to braymann.
The journal will now show the current project at Alex's farm.
An alternative outcome can trigger when the PC's skirt is lifted during maths class while not wearing underwear should the PC have the Panic Attacks trait. Written in collaboration with ThatPersonOverThere.
Thanks to hwp, Jimmy, aimozg, and ANotNiceMouse for code improvements.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following additions and improvements:
Added a new NPC love interest, Sydney the Faithful, a fellow student, librarian's assistant, and temple initiate. They're particularly vulnerable to the PC's influence. Written with help from Crimson Tide, and additional scenes contributed by Kealoz, Fangi and Harcher.
Added a bookshop and school clothing shop to the school library.
Added Sydney's love, lust, and purity to the cheat menu.
Added full named NPC virginities that the PC can take, along with warnings when the PC is about to take one.
Added many more possible bodywriting lines for each love interest, including Sydney. The PC can write many of these lines on themselves. Written in collaboration with Kealoz and Crimson Tide, and coded in collaboration with Crimson Tide.
Kylar will react to bodywriting of any other named NPC, as well as their own. Written and coded in collaboration with Crimson Tide.
Kylar, Whitney, and Sydney can now write on the player during consensual encounters.
Books can now be rented from the school library for a passive gain to a school stat. Make sure to renew or return them in time.
School clothes can now be bought from the school library, though at a significant markup.
Added NPC chastity mechanics. NPCs at the temple may wear them.
The PC can now undress other NPCs during consensual encounters, if they have sufficient promiscuity.
A few special situations now allow an NPC to be submissive, allowing the PC to ignore promiscuity checks in consensual encounters.
Named NPCs will now be referred to by name during encounters, instead of title.
NPCs will be more consistently referred to by their pronoun in combat actions.
Added new random student dialogue in the library. Written in collaboration with Crimson Tide.
Added the "Sydney the Pure Hearted", "A Crime Most Foul", and "Love Trapezoids" feats, and adjusted the requirements for the "Love Triangles" feat.

Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following additions and improvements:
Added new random options for hair and eye color at the game's start.
Added a setting for minimum PC breast size.
Added the new micro penis size. It's hard to reach, and likely won't happen unless the players tries to induce it with a combination of parasites and pills.
Harper cannot enlarge a micro penis, though other methods still work.
Added some new masturbation text for micro penises.
Added a scene to Remy's farm.
Added another outcome to having an orgasm on the town's street.
Code improvements.

Balance Changes
Morgan can now remove ankle cuffs and arm bindings. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
It is now possible to sneak into the barn at night to milk yourself, even after becoming part-owner of the farm. Thanks to Jimmy.
"The Rival Estate" feat will now take irrigation into account, rather than the parasite barn. Thanks to oyea.
Successfully scolding the swine when pulled into the pen by your hair will now increase respect.
Adjusted the penis growth formula, increasing the impact of parasites. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.

Bug Fixes
Receiving a blowjob from Kylar, or handjob from Whitney, after an encounter should no longer describe orgasm as if your penis was in the state it was during the encounter. Thanks to Rukarin.
The "hide" action text will now take multiple pursuers into account. Thanks to Rukarin.
Monster boys and girls will now longer carry bottles of lube.
Items NPCs are interested in should now be more reliably coloured when attending your market stall.
Fixed a problem with the promiscuity actions during the compound interrogation.
Ripping your clothing in science class without underwear will now impact your crossdressing and herm reputations, if appropriate. Thanks to GayRaccoon.
The stable project at Alex's farm will now be properly describe when in progress.
Fixed a bug that caused an hour to pass when milking yourself at Alex's farm, instead of thirty minutes.
Finding a police badge in the possession of a prostitution client will no longer show the same message every turn for the rest of the encounter.
Fixed a bug that prevented slime sleep events resetting when you defy it. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Thanks to GayRacoon for typos and minor fixes.

Thanks to oyea for the following fixes:
Fixed a bug where monsters would be referred to as humans when performing certain actions.
Fixed a bug with certain scenes involving beasts that copied the beast's attributes onto human NPCs.
Fixed some issues with certain scenes where monsters would use the pronouns of human spectators, rather than their own.
Fixed an issue with the Underground Brothel Hunt referring to a dog's nonexistent penis.
Fixed a broken link when running nude in the park.
In combat, the Black Wolf and the Great Hawk will be referred to as such, rather than just "Black Wolf/Great Hawk"
Robin will no longer ditch school to meet the player at the orphanage.
Fixed a number of NPCs breaking free.
Improve the PC's voice recognition.
Exposing a fellow criminal during community service should now respect your dickgirl/cuntboy settings.
Other typos and minor fixes.

Thanks to Jimmy for the following fixes:
Leaving the clothing shop while wearing clothes you're trying on will now increase crime.
Fixed some issues with the swimming lesson timetable.
Fixed some issues with the school exam timetables.
Fixed a rare antique bug.
Added a wardrobe icon to one of the asylum room passages.
Removed unnecessary repeated text during the pillory scene in history.
Demon wing/tail flaunting options are now consistent with reality.
Girls' changing coom no longer exists.
Fixed a bug where an incorrect variable was used to determine genitals based on the NPC's gender.
Typo fixes.

Thanks to braymann for the following fixes:
You will no longer get severe hallucinations the morning before the blood moon happens.
Stored outfits will no longer get broken by sending only part of it back to the wardrobe.
Added a fix for people who had genital variables mismatched at some point.
Milking yourself in Alex's barn will no longer always fill up a bottle no matter how much you produced, and milking your penis will no longer waste so much semen.
The player will now take off their blindfold if their arms are not bound after getting abducted by smugglers.
Fixed a bug that caused other NPCs to join in during encounters with named NPCs.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following fixes:
Fixed Niki being listed in presets twice, and Wren not being listed at all.
There will no longer be an extra line break when Whitney intends to approach Robin at lunch. They were spoiling their plans!
Fixed a year-long bug caused by a single letter typo that was causing NPCs to do impossible things with their neck after the player moves their head to the NPC's chest.



0.3.2.4
Added a rest option for the PC's legs while submerged in water. Thanks to Jimmy.
Thanks to hwp for code improvements.
Added a separate toggle for divine transformations. Thanks to note leven.

Bug Fixes
Fixed a bug that allowed teasing Kylar to escalate like if you had flirted.
Fixes an incorrect exhibitionism check during Leighton's inspection. Thanks to hwp.
Fixed a bug that could break tending plots and fields.
Fixed a bug that prevented the more involved NPC orgasms triggering.
Milking yourself at the barn at night can no longer be used to avoid passing out from midnight stress increases.
The PC will no longer remain choked when another monster takes over during a gang encounter.
Fixed some graphical issues with the flat pony tail and straight hairstyles. Thanks to Zazaky.
Fixed a bug that caused the wrong adjectives to pop up. Thanks to hwp.
Fixed a bug that broke gender appearance when the PC was perfectly androgynous. Thanks to hwp.
Alex's parent will no longer be referred to as a boy or girl.

Thanks to Bathory666 (with help from oyea) for the following fixes:
Fixed a deviant option at the kennel on Alex's farm that was available without appropriate deviancy.
Fixed a soft lock at the kennel on Alex's farm.
Fixed a monster people/beast mix up.
Fetch and race events should now impact respect as intended.

Thanks to Jimmy for the following fixes:
Fixed a soft lock at Alex's kennel.
You can no longer buy dog treats from the pet shop while breaking in at night.
Fixed a bug that allowed the PC to attend community service at any hour.
Fixed a bug that deleted your clothes in the forest shop.
Fixed an error found at the great hawk's tower.
Fixed a large number of capitalisation inconsistencies in links.
Typo and minor fixes.
|
Thanks to oyea for the following fixes:
Prostituting yourself for rubbish during community service will now end the encounter.
Kylar will no longer produce an infinite amount of panties if you've already taken them that day.
Failing to climb a wall while chasing someone will properly increase their distance.
Fixed a bug where + Farm Yield was awarded without doing the required action.
Dogs in the kennel should now react appropriately to the wolf transformation.
Fixed a bug causing two catsuits, and two Wrens, to appear at the docks.
Typo fixes.


0.3.2.3
Changed a few numbers to prose, rather than numerals. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Reworked ankle cuffs.

Balance changes
Made stalkers more likely to attack.
Reduced the impact of opposing Bailey on Remy's encroachment.
The kennel upgrade no longer agitates the steeds.

Bug Fixes
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for fixing a wardrobe issue.
Audiences should no longer be able to casually keep up with you when chasing a clothes thief.
Wren will no longer try to take your ankle cuffs during strip Blackjack.
You should no longer be offered a foot massage in the park if feet are disabled.
The footstool scene will now be skipped if feet are disabled.
Cuddling Kylar will no longer clone them.

Thanks to Jimmy for the following fixes:
Fixed an error found when writing on yourself in the mirror.
Fixed a bug that prevented the right hand from covering your penis if already covered.
Fixed bugs that presented covering actions as meek when actually bratty.
Masturbing in history class should now be an exhibitionism 4 act if Robin is not sat next to you.
Fixed a bug that pervented the "cover ass" action from appearing for your right hand.
Fixed a bug that stopped the PC writing "Hot" on their body.
Fixed a bug that broke NPC descriptions and pronouns during stalk encounters.
Typo fixes.

Thanks to bsmith for the following fixes:
Fixed an issue displaying the number of people at the temple.
Added a bed icon when stripping to get in Alex's bed.
Sleeping naked in Alex's bed now gives the correct amount of lust.
Fixed a couple of bugs that made the PC respond inappropriate to willing actions. variable going rogue.
NPCs can no longer remove your naked from your legs.
NPCs will no longer attempt to stroke a female PC's penis.
Fixed error when asking about antiques at the museum.
Unbinding yourself in your room will now remove ankle cuffs.

Thanks to Crimson Tide for the following fixes:
Fixed an issue found when people realise you're crossdressing.
The cheats menu now correctly refers to your nonexistent chastity belt, rather than your nonexistent under bottoms.
Corrected some more instances of "+NPC Dominance" in Eden's cabin and on the farm.
Sleeping away from the Great Hawk now correctly indicates that it decreases Stockholm Syndrome, if you don't already have the trait.
Gloryholes now correctly indicate that they require Promiscuity 2, rather than 1.
Fixed some red text when you're stopped from entering the shop. Text also flows more smoothly if you only have one day left.
Fixed an error found at the museum.
Minor typo, pronoun, capitalization and punctuation fixes.


0.3.2.2
Fixed an error found when using the wardrobe.


0.3.2.1
Settings presets can now be accessed after the start of the game. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for code improvements.

Balance Changes
Slowed passive tanning. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Reduced delinquency decay when missing lessons.

Bug Fixes
Fixed some broken links, logic, and other issues during the Leighton inspection scenes. Thanks to hwp.
Fixed some issues with the wardrobe when using the older style. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed an issue with the phallus plant and virginity. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed a bug that would distract NPCs when they tried to strip the PC's bottoms.
Fixed a bug that made covering actions bratty when they were supposed to be meek, and vice versa.
Fixed a softlock found when successfully hiding from stalkers.
Fixed an error found when trying to call Alex for help. Thanks to hwp.
Fixed an error found when turning an antique into the museum without first hearing the hint.
Releasing animals and managing the perimeter at Alex's farm can no longer be done in the middle of the night.
Fixed an error found when being written on. Thanks to Bathory666.
Fixed a leak in Alex's roof.
Added the option to leave the kennel without first performing another act.
Fixed a bug that made Briar unlock brothel shows sooner than intended.
Fixed a bug that made stalkers more likely to attempt to strip the PC than intended.
Fixed a bug that prevented most events triggering when chasing someone during stalk encounters.
The PC will now be appropriately embarrassed if someone snatches their towel during stalk encounters.
Fixed an error found when chasing someone across the street during stalk encounters.
Fixed a number of issues with the encounter sprites caused by the "Hold behind back" action.
The black wolf and great hawk should now use their arms in monster form.
Refusing to get in Avery's car will now increase rage as indicated.
Fixed a bug that made NPCs far more aggressive than intended during stalk encounters.
Fixed an image bug found during stalk encounters.
NPCs will no longer act after successfully running or hiding during stalk encounters.
Unbinding your arms will no longer free your legs, while leaving the cuffs on.
Thanks to Jimmy for a typo fix.

Thanks to Crimson Tide for the following fixes:
Adjusts some Gwylan scenes to be more consistent with each other.
Gwylan no longer bursts through the trees and runs away over and over again.
Fixes a link that linked to a passage with the wrong name.
Adds a new Kylar scene to replace one that relied on feet, for if feet are toggled off.
Kylar will no longer softlock while trying to answer your riddle.
You can no longer infinitely kiss Kylar at the fountain.
Stalking events will now properly check your love interest. They will no longer ignore Kylar if Robin or Whitney is also a love interest.
Typos and pronouns.

Thanks to braymann for the following fixes:
Putting your hood down while wearing a hoodie will no longer prevent your hair from contributing to femininity, even after changing clothes.
The game will now tell you that you need more money to build the greenhouse if you don't have enough.
Resisting Remy when they try to milk you despite having no milk will no longer make the game reference your penis if you don't have one.
You will now get out of swimming class at 3:00 instead of 2:59.


0.3.2.0
Some encounters on the town's streets now begin with a "stalk" phase, allowing the PC to run or hide, among other options.
The kennel at Alex's farm can now be entered, and the hounds interacted with further. The option to train them appears once the kennel is upgraded. Written and coded in collaboration with anon.
Ankle cuffs now appear outside the dealer gang sequence, and can restrict the PC's movement in the greater game world. They can be removed at the museum.
Expanded human encounters to allow "stuck in wall" scenarios where the PC is taken from the front.
Added another event that can trigger when the PC passes out on the town's streets.
Added another threat to the moor for those with inappropriate footwear.
Angry NPCs may now shackle the PC's legs during encounters.
NPCs can now pull off the PC's shoes and legwear during encounters. The PC can now also remove their own shoes, socks, and thigh highs during encounters.
Added the option to meekly hold your arms behind your back during normal human encounters.
Expanded the penis and pussy inspection scenes with new options and reactivity, including the ability to join the line or remain seated in spite of gender appearance. Crossdresser and hermaphrodite fame will now interact with the scene. Thanks to hwp, with writing help from oyea and anon.
Monster boys and girls can now use their hands during combat.
NPCs with penises will now make the PC give them a boobjob under their own initiative, should the PC's breasts be large enough.
NPCs can now dislocate the PC's top and fondle their chest during the pillory punishment on Cliff Street.
Added plain thigh highs to the clothing shop.
Added a feet toggle to Settings.
Added the option to tell Robin you like being a cow. Thanks to anon.
Added body size and asphyxiophila to the cheat menu.
Added the option to submit when the PC's ass is groped on the streets. Requires high submissiveness. Thanks to larsrand.
The PC can now write more slutty and submissive lines on their skin at the mirror, if they meet the requirements. Thanks to larsrand.
Added the option to flirt when a student squeezes your bottom in the school hallways. Requires promiscuity and submissiveness. Thanks to larsrand.
Added the "shade" trait to some headwear, preventing passive tanning when worn.
Added an attitude that disables lewd stat decay. Not available on hard mode, as the decay is disabled already.
Added mirrors to the brothel and strip club. Thanks to Bathory666.
Added new bodywriting lines to NPC and mirror repertoires. Thanks to Bathory666.
Added more reactivity to encounter text here and there.
Added icons for swimming away from and towards the shore, for moving carefully through the forest and moor, and for mirrors. Art courtesy of anon.
Hints about antique locations will now be added to your journal, until the antique is discovered and discussed with Winter. Thanks to Annon173.
Added a numpad option to the SAVES/OPTIONS menu. Useful on mobile if links become unclickable due to translation software.
Thanks to ANotNiceMouse for improving market stall readability.
NPCs will now take a visible penis into account when commenting on the PC's orgasm, even if the PC looks female. Thanks to hwp.
Added an additional, higher tier to the asphyxiation slider. This tier gives NPCs a chance choke/strangle the PC instead of grappling their arms, and increases the likelihood that they choose to continue choking. Thanks to Annon173.
Many numbers in scenes are now written in prose rather than numerals. Thanks to aimozg and Crimson Tide.
Added ability to sleep somewhere other than the nest when in the castle tower. Thanks to Annon173.
Thanks to Rukarin for improving how named NPCs generate, allowing multiple named NPCs to appear in the same encounter.
Thanks to aimozg, note leven, Crimson Tide, ndarkflame, and hwp for code improvements.

Thanks to Crimson Tide for the following additions and improvements:
Gwylan can now rescue the PC in the first five tiles of the forest, unless you're being attacked by Eden or the Black Wolf.
Added new dialogue to the forest shop to account for the alternative greeting.
Added details to Eden's first rescue of the PC.
Added interactions between Eden and Gwylan, should both arrive to rescue the PC at the same time. Written with help from Khau.
Eden and Gwylan can now comment on each other.
Added another option when Bailey tries to collect.
The player can now cuddle Kylar after inviting them to the orphanage.
Allows the player to escalate their flirting with Kylar, which allows them to invite Kylar to the orphanage on demand. During school, they instead invite Kylar for sex in the bathrooms.
The PC can now ask Kylar for their underwear, making them go commando. Impacts all scenes involving Kylar's underwear.
Kylar now makes sure the PC cums, if they didn't during sex.
Kylar now has more sensible reactions to discovering the PC's genitals during encounters.
Code and formatting improvements.

Thanks to Khau for the following additions and improvements:
Eden will now make you wear clothes before leaving visiting the lake with them if you're exposed.
If Eden is set as a love interest, you can now operate in the clearing exposed regardless of exhibitionism, provided they're in the area with you.
If you're exposed while leaving Eden, or Eden is leaving you, they can prompt you to head inside the cabin or get dressed.
If you ask to join Eden's hunt while exposed, they will comment on it.
Adjusted the layout of options at Eden's cabin.
Added a counter for soaps and salves.
You now have the option to change into night clothes before joining Eden in bed.
You will no longer leave Eden's fixed clothes on the table before they've gone out hunting.
Added a description for looking around the cabin.
Creating soaps and salves will now update the menu accordingly.
Sweeping the floor will now update the menu accordingly.
If you made Eden a scarf, they will wear it while hunting in winter.
If you got Eden a hunting coat, they will wear while hunting.
Feeling safe in Eden's embrace will now reduce stress and trauma.
Added some flavor text for when examining the sleeping area while Eden is asleep, and joining them in bed.
Added the ability to relax in the cabin and clearing as a repeatable task.
Tidied up code at Eden's cabin.

Balance Changes
Mocking during the compound interrogation will now increase defiance.
Begging will now increase submissiveness more reliably.
Increased the combat fame gained when successfully fighting off pigs while being filmed at Remy's farm.
Reduces the exhibitionism fame gained when crossing the beach naked with your arms bound.
Eden is now guaranteed to rescue the PC the first time they're capable of doing so. Further rescues only happen half the time. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Bailey will now only wake the PC for school once per day.
Mooing at Robin now increases bovinity, maintaining the cow transformation. Milking your breasts or penis at Alex's farm now also now increases bovinity, but only if the PC already has the cow transformation.
Kylar will no longer write on the PC during consensual encounters. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
You will no longer be okay with being exposed in the cabin without the required exhibitionism points if you don't set Eden as a primary or secondary love interest. Thanks to Khau.
Fighting off dogs at Alex's farm while attempting to feed them will now raise respect.
Screaming no longer works while under the effects of aphrodisiacs.
The PC will now keep accessories on when stripping before working at the docks.
Panic attacks can now trigger during encounters with one NPC.
Halved the duration of panic paralysis during encounters.
Meek acts now reduce NPC anger.
Eden, Morgan and Kylar will no longer inform the police if you pepper spray them.

Thanks to Annon173 for the following balance changes:
Alex gains lust when the player sleeps in their bed, more if you're naked.
Alex lust raises when you flaunt to them in the Woodland event.
Biting penises now restores control. Successfully biting hands away also restores control, but reduces it on failure.
Added the ability to clear fields without Alex when there is no other work to do, including at night, just much slower.
Screaming for Alex will no longer work while Alex is sleeping.
The great hawk might now fail to notice escape attempts while sleeping.
While being hunted by the great hawk, entering an underground passage will help you get further from your pursuer.
Lowered the promiscuity requirement for gloryholes, and the "comfortable prostituting" toggle now also allows them.

Bug Fixes
Eden will no longer be surprised to find you in the cabin after an extended absense, should they have just rescued you.
Plugged a hole in the seams between classes.
Fixed a bug that prevented penises from displaying in the chest close up window.
The microkini will now properly cover enormous breasts.
The monk or nun being pulled by a cord should now respect the victim toggle.
Riding to town will now take the proper length of time after saddling a new horse.
Fixed a bug that preventing dogboys and doggirls from knotting the PC.
Fixed an error that made the General tab of settings inaccessible on some saves.
Fixed a bug that capped net proficiency lower than intended.
Masturbating in class next to Robin is now an Exhibitionism 5 act.
Shoving a molester on the street will now correctly indicate that it increases pain.
Losing your chastity belt during an encounter should no longer break the NPCs holding it.
The trance assault in Harper's office can now end if the NPCs' arousal maxes, or health hits zero.
The farm introduction will now take the human gender slider into account when generating monsters.
Removed the underscoe from "Law breaker" bodywriting.
The options to buy Halloween costumes for Robin will now indicate the price.
Fixed a grammar issue with cowboy chaps.
Fixed an error found after pocketing the change when Alex asks you to pick up groceries.
Telling students that you aren't in a relationship with Kylar while Kylar is present will now indicate that it increases jealousy.
Riding to the farm on horseback will now increase fatigue.
Fixed a bug that could cause items to disappear. Thanks to ANotNiceMouse.
You can now pass out in the barn at Alex's farm.
Fixed a bug that could prevent certain events from triggering in the underground brothel.
Fixed a soft lock found while interacting with Whitney in the park.
The PC will no longer remain bound when being rescued from the pillory in history class by Robin.
Fixed a bug that could break pain.
The dog that assaults a collared PC on the streets at night at their master's behest will no longer become human. Fixed a formatting error in the save event. Thanks to hwp.
Added a few missing pixels to the miniskirt.
Fixed a bug that made the effects of covering a bodypart last for the rest of the encounter.
The horse encounter at the riding school should no longer trigger if horses are disabled.
Fixed a bug that could prevent ambient events triggering on the moor.
Whitney should now remember your genitals if they see them during the parasite scene in the hallways. The scene should also impact school reputation. Thanks to GayRaccoon.
Whitney's demand that the PC use a particular bathroom will now take hermaphroditism into account. Thanks to GayRaccoon.
Fixed some pronoun issues with Winter and Robin during history class. Thanks to hwp.
Irrigated fields no longer need to be watered right after planting. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Catching lurkers on the farm will now improve net skill. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed an issue with the factory's produce calculations. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Having a hoddie pulled down should now display hair properly. Thanks to aimozg.
Monster hoodie sleeve accessories should now display. Thanks to aimozg.
Distracting a student in the library should now take skirts into account. Thanks to note leven.
NPCs should no longer change the pronouns they use for the PC mid-encounter, without reason. Thanks to note leven.
Fixed a bug that prevented NPCs from commenting when the PC has an orgasm. Thanks to hwp.
Changes to Alex's dominance should now be presented as such, rather than a generic "+ NPC Dominance". Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Screaming for help on Alex's farm will no longer advertise whether the scream will be effective or not. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Thanks to Crimson Tide for minor fixes.
Thanks to note leven for typo fixes.
Thanks to anon for typo fixes.
Thanks to klorpa for minor fixes.

Thanks to braymann for the following fixes:
Fixed a few more bugs found when trying on clothes at the shop.
Outfits that you separate yourself will no longer get automatically rebought when they break.
When sleeping in Alex's cottage, your clothing will no longer disappear when you refuse Alex's sexual advances, or when they wake you up for Remy's attack.
You will no longer remain bound after Robin saves you from the pillory event in history class.
Fixed a bug that could prevent the panty stealing event from working properly.
Kylar will no longer mention the prodigious girth of your penis in their poem if they've never seen it before.
Fixed a problem with how business fame affects how much produce is sold each day at the factory.
Fixed a bug with transformation decay.
Heels will now give the penalty to physique and athletics on Alex's farm again.
Fixed a problem when surrendering your clothes while dancing.
You will now automatically take your pills when at Alex's cottage or Eden's cabin.
Fixed a bug where eerie clothing will not be reequipped when getting dressed after sleeping.
You will no longer have the option to show the stolen card to the Compound guards after you've already discovered the compound.
Fixed a bug that would cause swimming class to end extremely early if you got a spare swimsuit from Mason.
The "semen produced" stat will no longer have so many trailing digits.
You will no longer have the option to endlessly agitate Remy's steeds when playing Blackjack with Wren.
You can no longer flip over during the brothel horse show.
Added a fix for anyone who still might have negative locker room suspicion for the panty stealing event.
Your facewear will no longer randomly break after Remy's assault is complete.
The game will no longer say you lost your oral virginity to a "bullboy" when it was actually a normal bull.
Fixed a bug where all of your clothing would vanish into thin air when Mason takes you to detention for arriving at class too late.
You can now investigate the sex machine at the brothel on days where you aren't starring in a show.
Fixed some duplicated dialog when getting caught masturbating in History class.
The Green Thumb trait and Seedy feat will now require all 16 seeds instead of just 11.
Any purity gained or lost by taking care of your parasites is now affected by any holy clothing you're wearing.
Fixed a bug where choosing to wear random clothing will sometimes break outfits in half.
Slime parasites on your clit will no longer look like an urchin parasite.
Fixed a problem when an npc initiates a titfuck.
Fixed some npcs that would refer to your nonexistent chastity belt after they orgasm.
The tower security guard's security skill now has a cap and will no longer increase infinitely.
Typo fixes.

Thanks to Khau for the following fixes:
Eden will no longer invite you to bed past 3 am.
Eden will no longer remove their clothing during an encounter in the bath despite already naked.
Fixed some pronoun issues during the event where Eden returns from hunting injured.
Fixed some formatting for the the event where Eden returns from hunting injured.
Massaging Eden will now only use one jar of salve per night.
Fixed an issue with Eden not stealing glances at you despite being exposed.
Seducing Eden while dancing and following through will now increase love.
Added missing indications for love and lust indications for the dance seduce finish scene.
Added the 'easier to seduce' tip to the dance seduction scene.
Added missing indications that the farm rescue increased Eden's dominance.
You can no longer seduce Eden indefinitely while dancing. Again. I don't know why my previous fix disappeared.
Fixed an issue with Eden escaping the clothes fixing event.
Stopped Eden from escaping during their Halloween and Christmas events.
Fixed an issue with Eden not offering for you to fix their cabin during November.
Typo fixes.



0.3.1.2
Removed the suspicious van from bus station.
Adjusted the market inventory formatting. Thanks to ANotNiceMouse.
You can now sleep until rested. Thanks to ANotNiceMouse.
Thanks to ANotNiceMouse for code improvements.

Balance Changes
Dramatically increased the speed in which the PC tans in the sun while not actively trying to, especially during summer, and less so during winter. Thanks to note leven.

Bug Fixes
Utility vests with shirts are now warmer than utility vests alone.
Fixed a graphical issue with sleeves when your shirt is tucked in. Thanks to aimozg.
Continuing to bask nude will now indicate that it takes 20 minutse. Thanks to note leven.
The PC will no longer call female NPCs "daddy" if they have a penis while asking to be choked.
Kylar will once more think up names for your children in the park.

Thanks to ANotNiceMouse for the following fixes:
Fixed an issue with the flow of time found when late for swimming class.
Fixed issues found when re-entering the pool when late for swimming class.
Fixed an unintended synchronising of events when late for swimming class.
Removed a duplicated link.
The horse show at the brothel now requires deviancy.
Fixed an issue the market inventory numbers.
Typo fixes.

Thanks to braymann for the following fixes:
Fixed a bug that tied cow transformation progress to the cat transformation.
Fixed an error with the parasite barn on Alex's farm.
Fixed an issue where some of your produce might not be shown when using the bulk sell option.
Robin's confidence can no longer go above 100% or below 0.
Fixed an issue with Robin's pronouns in one of their new history class scenes.
Added indentation to some links around the orphanage that were missing them.
Fixed a problem with the tutorial pepper spray canister.



0.3.1.1
Thanks to Crimson Tide for code improvements.
Thanks to ANotNiceMouse for code improvements.

Bug fixes
Fixed some Alex pronoun issues after clearing the fifth field at Alex's farm.
Typo fixes and adjustments to one of the new Mason scenes. Thanks to ANotNiceMouse.
Going back to the changing rooms now passes time. Thanks to ANotNiceMouse.
Fixed a formatting error. Thanks to ANotNiceMouse.
Added the correct images for booty jorts.
Thanks to Crimson Tide for finding lots of typos.
The "Sentenced with community service" statistic should now increment.
Fixed an error message found when lowering the monster hoodie hood, or when the monster hoodie skirt is damaged.
Fixed a bug that blocked access to the factory on Harvest Street.
Kicking while punished in the pillory will now indicate that it reduces more stress than other stress-reducing acts.
Regular farm events should no longer trigger in the middle of the night. Alex will be content to wait until morning before asking for groceries.
Alex can no longer sneak in an extra 20 minutes of television after making you a cup of tea.
The gold chastity belt now prevents shaving like the regular chastity belt.

Thanks to braymann for the following fixes:
Fixed a bug found when someone tries to pull your mask off with both hands.
The option to ignore Alex when they're sneaking glances at you will no longer say that it gives more lust then the other option.
Whitney will now properly expect herm characters to use the same bathroom as them.
Fixed a few scenes where the player wasn't given a collar when sent to Remy's farm.
The player can now properly pass out in the strip club bathroom.
The player will now actually serve the drink they said they'd serve when Remy visits Alex's farm.
Fixed some bugs found when returning clothes you're trying on in the store.
It is no longer possible for multiple NPCs to give the player analingus at the same time.
Fixed a bug found during the tutoring scene on Danube street.
The pharmacist will no longer be ok with having sex with the player when they have a mini penis, despite normally getting mad when the penis is too small.
Fixed a bug that sometimes caused plants to grow at super high speeds.
Moved the beehives back into the deep forest where they belong.
Fixed a problem with one of the ambient events.
Fixed a bug with the landfill passout scene.
Removed the duplicate link to check your pills in Alex's cottage.
The random clothing feat boost will no longer give you just the bottoms or hoods of some outfits.
Fixed a problem where invisible broken hoods in the wardrobe would stay invisible forever and could never be removed.
The retro top now has a price.
Retro shorts and trousers should now be capitalised where appropriate.




0.3.1.0
Less prolific criminals will now be sentenced to community service instead of the pillory.
Robin now attends history class with the PC. Written in collaboration with Harcher. Includes a harassment scene written with help from Fangi and AVeryChillDoctor.
Added a bodywriting event to the pillory punishment.
Added a low level skulduggery option to the school. Becomes available about a week into the game.
Added a scene with Mason to the changing rooms.
Added a horse show to the brothel. You need to supply your own horse.
Alex's farm now has its own location images. Art courtesy of mochi.
Added the option to wait for the boys/girls to leave at the end of the swimming lesson if the PC is crossdressing. Thanks to hedpets.
Added a way to remove bindings in your bedroom at Alex's cottage.
Added "underwear stolen", "sentenced with community service", and "sentenced with the pillory" to the statistics overlay.
Added a few beast bodywriting lines, and several lines for criminal PCs. Criminal lines reduce trust when read.
Added the retro top, utility vest, utility vest with shirt, retro trousers, and retro shorts to the clothing shop. Art courtesy of namelessone.
Added the monster hoodie, school swim top and school swim bottoms to the clothing shop. Art courtesy of lifeAnime.
Added a keyhole dress to the clothing shop. Art, including the icon, courtesy of Harto.
Added new images for larger breast sizes to the chest window. Art courtsey of sseshess.
Boobjobs are now displayed in the chest window for the remaining sizes. Art courtesy of sseshess.
Added icons for swimming, walking, and running to the forest, moor, park and beach. Also added icons for the lake, the orphanage flower patch, beds, and wardrobes. Art courtesy of anon.
Added new art for cycle shorts, breeches, cowboy chaps, gym bloomers, jeans, denim shorts, khakis, sailor shorts, sailor trousers, school shorts, school trousers, shorts, sweatpants, and trousers. Includes damage variants and icons. Art courtesy of Anon.
Added booty jorts to the clothing shop. Art courtesy of Anon.
You can now turn yourself in at the police station for a reduced sentence.
Added scenes that trigger when the PC turns up very late to swimming class, within the last ten minutes. Thanks to ANotNiceMouse.
The market inventory can now display more information, and displays as a table. The information available depends on maths skill. Thanks to ANotNiceMouse.
Added an event to the town's streets.
Thanks to note leven for a change that should make development easier.
Added an option to skip the spoiler warning in the Extra Stats menu. Thanks to hwp.
Adjusted the sidebar layout to make better use of space. Thanks to note leven.
Added the "defined curl" sides hairstyle. Art courtesy of Koko.
Added the "Mason's Shame", "Social Contract", and "Bent Copper" feats.
Thanks to ANotNiceMouse for code improvements.
Improved the code at Eden's cabin. Thanks to note leven.
Improved error reporting. Thanks to aimozg.
Added a development tool. Thanks to aimozg.
New renderer features that can be used to generate special effects in the future. Thanks to aimozg, with help from hwp.
Added code that allows the PC's hair to be properly encased in clothing, and applied it to the hoodie hood. Thanks to aimozg.
Thanks to hwp for refactoring combat code, and other code improvements.
Thanks to ANotNiceMouse for refactoring the school changing room code.
Improved the code responsible for the school schedule. Thanks to note leven.
Thanks to note leven for other code improvements.
Thanks to aNotNiceMouse for code improvements.
Thanks to note leven for making the image files take up less space.

Thanks to Khau for the following additions and improvements:
Eden now has a chance to come onto you while you're fixing their cabin.
Eden now has a chance to come onto you while you're making breakfast.
You can now seduce Eden while dancing.
If you've made soap, you can now use it while bathing Eden.
If you've made salves, you can now use them while massaging Eden.
Eden can now be injured while hunting as a one-time event. Written in collaboration with krystalwithak.

Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following additions and improvements:
You can now sell produce in bulk on Harvest Street.
You can now masturbate in Alex's shower.
Added irrigation upgrades to Alex's farm, costing £5000 and 3 days per field.
Added a means to capture lurkers during farm events.
Allows you to sleep naked in either bed at Alex's farm.
The ear slime can now prevent the PC from wearing anything when sleeping at Alex's farm.

Balance Changes
Entering the opposite sex changing room while crossdressing will now increase arousal. Stress will also increase if the PC has a reputation for crossdressing. Thanks to hedpets.
Alex's breakfasts now reduce fatigue.
Remy will no longer remove existing tattoos when you pass out while a prisoner at their estate.
Studying in class while waiting for lesson to begin will now increase understanding proportional to the time spent. Thanks to note leven.
Sleeping naked or only wearing underwear, pajamas or eerie accessories now further reduces fatique. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Watching a stray cat chase a leaf now reduces stress.
Wearing the hair pin will now increase hair growth throughout the day, rather than just at midnight. Thanks to braymann.
Bailey will now only visit the cottage at night for their payments if overdue by two or more days. Thanks to ANotNiceMouse.
You can now continue to rest at the stables after unlocking the cottage if there's not much else to do. Thanks to ANotNiceMouse.
Unlocked fields at Alex's farm are now easier to tend before unlocking the cottage.
Increased the chance that Winter will demonstrate the pillory during class.

Bug Fixes
You should now be able to walk around Eden's cabin naked should Eden be a love interest.
Refusing to pay Bailey should now increase defiance.
Making Bailey cum when defending another orphan from them can now reward the "Bailey's Trouble Maker" feat.
Fixed a bug that made stress increase much faster as fatigue exceeded 50%, and could cause a soft lock at Remy's farm.
The PC can now finish tending the woodland without Alex's help.
The greenhouse at the orphanage and the shower at Alex's farm now count as indoors. 
Traveling to Alex's room from the PC's bedroom is no longer faster than the return trip.
Daydreaming in swimming class will no longer improve status.
Fixed an error found when Jordan slices off the chastity belt.
The dog at the beach should now respect settings.
Pillows are no longer bought with dollars.
Fixed an error found when wearing a necktie. Thanks to note leven and aimozg.
Fixed an error with the blackjack that can cause scores to be wrong.
Capturing creatures will no longer magically turn them into lurkers.
Changes to Briar's love during brothel shows will now be indicated.
Fixed a layering issue with legwear on encounter sprites.
Thanks to bmsith for typo fixes.
Demanding a show from Alex will now decrease their dominance, rather than increase it.
One of the NPCs who capture you on the beach will no longer mix up your genitals with your chastity belt.
Farm improvements that reduce the rate encroachment increases no longer reduce the rate it falls.
Undertop sleeves should no display while a top is present. Thanks to aimozg.
Torrents of water in the storm drains should now soak your clothes if they leave a slime atop you.
Getting angry after Alex pulls you onto the dirt in the fields should now decrease love rather than increase it.
Tentacles should no longer be able to attack at the orphanage flower beds while tentacles are disabled.
Fixed an issue with Eden not catching you while you have a solo session in the spring. Thanks to Khau.
Fixed some npc widget issues with Eden. Thanks to Khau.
Avery's hot tub will now wash off lewd fluids and such.
Points towards the cow tranformation should now cap in the cheat menu.
The initiate being disciplined at the temple will now follow the victim slider.
Thanks to DitFranXX for fixing a compile problem.
Fixed a bug that caused permanent marker, lipstick and mud to transform into regular ink.
Fixed a bug that could prevent NPCs from commenting on rapey bodywriting.
The PC should now hand over the unworn gold chastity belt for Winter to examine, should they also be wearing one.
Fixed a bug that prevented NPCs commenting on the PC's orgasms. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Kissing Alex during breakfast will no longer make the PC feel terrible.
Fixed some pronoun issues found when hacking Bailey's computer.
Fixed an issue with the settings importer. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed an incorrect cost for the parasite barn farm upgrade. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Going to bed naked will no longer remove eerie accessories. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.

Thanks to note leven for the following fixes:
Remy should no longer be referred to by Eden's pronoun during the rescue at their estate.
Fixed an issue with the new clock widget.
Fixed an issue at the mirror found when possessing the bird/harpy transformation.
Fixed a bug that made sadism reduce trauma less than intended.
Fixed a softlock at the school pool.
Attending your lesson at the 59th minute in an hour will no longer cause you to arrive later.
Masturbating at 58+ minutes into a lesson no longer restarts the lesson.
Fixed penis size display on the character creation screen.
Fixed an issue with the Robin milk scene.
Fixed an error found in the farm guard scene.
Fixed a bug that prevented female NPCs having flat chests.
Fixed a bugged widget.
Typo and minor code fixes.

Thanks to braymann for the following fixes:
Kylar won't show up in the park for Halloween way earlier in the day than intended.
Lurkers will no longer be missing descriptions in encounters.
The skill level of your guard will be shown properly during Remy's raid.
Wren will no longer be confused about who will sit in whose lap.
Changed the wording on the "uncomfortable prostituting to help avoid Bailey's torments" option to be more obvious about whether it should be checked or not.
You can now prostitute yourself when offered at the cafe when you have that setting enabled.
Fixed a problem with some animals having the default dog sprite in multi-beast encounters.
Fixed some scenes where tentacles can be encountered despite not hallucinating.
Fixed a bug that caused the player's sprite to not cover themselves with the demon wings.
Fixed a problem when getting caught masturbating in the swimming lesson.
Robin will no longer expect you to help them at their stand with your arms still tied.
Fixed some problems with the scenes where Whitney strips you in the halls.
Kylar will now mention the "prodigious girth of your penis" when reciting their poem in front of class, as intended.
Students in the swimming lesson will no longer be able to directly lick your nipples through your swimwear.
Fixed a couple lurker events that ignored the new lurker toggle.
You can get into the compound by showing any phials you're selling, instead of having to break in every time.
Fixed a bug where having an outfit stolen in an encounter will make the automatic rebuy order the bottom half twice.
Stolen clothes with a custom color will keep that custom color when auto rebuy orders a new one.
Fixed an error in the wardrobes when discarding clothing.
Fixed a bug that would cause lower clothing to disappear when taking off a broken top of an outfit at the wardrobe.
The feathered hairclip, catsuit, and holy stole are included in the special clothing feat boost.
Fixed a bug where your halo wouldn't disappear after losing your virginity if you didn't have the full angel transformation yet.
Whitney will no longer escape the pillory to hang out at the park.
Fixed a typo when cleaning people in the pillory.
Fixed some instances where you'll gain twice as much fame after an encounter ends.
Fixed some errors in the Great Hawk's tower.
Milking your penis at Alex's farm will no longer say it increases farm yield if you end up filling a bottle instead.
The phallic plant in the moor will now have a warning when you're about to lose a virginity.
The game will no longer say that Alex is talking on the phone when they're actually clearing a field.
Eden will now always remove your gag after rescuing you from Remy's farm.
Choosing to wear a sleeping/swimwear outfit when you don't own a piece of the outfit will no longer cause what you're currently wearing in that slot to get sent to the wardrobe and potentially get broken.
Breaking into the police computer will get rid of the intended amount of crime.
The pillory can now properly handle women with dicks and men with vaginas being locked in it.
Fixed a problem where the night creature's genitals could change between encounters.
You can no longer seduce Eden indefinitely while dancing. Thanks to Khau.

Thanks to ANotNiceMouse for the following fixes:
Fixed an event in a home on Domus Street that referred to the PC's actual, rather than apparent, gender.
Alex will no longer teleport to the yard to pay the PC while sleeping, or in the shower.
Fixed a broken outcome found when attending pussy inspection with a penis. Thanks to ANotNiceMouse.
Fixed some issues with changing room occupancy desynchronising from the changing rooms themselves.
A new class should no longer materialise in the school pool between 14:51 and 14:59.
Named NPCs will now remember the PC's genitals after seeing them during encounters.


0.3.0.4
Thanks to aimozg for code improvements.
Disabled the option to be notified of updates automatically. It's still available as a manual button.

Balance changes
The PC can now help Alex clear the fifth field before Remy's attack.

Bug Fixes
The PC should no longer be able to help Alex clear a non-existent tenth field at Alex's farm.
Fixed being unable to ask Eden to buy a rug and pillows. Thanks to Khau.
Fixed being unable to buy Eden a radio. Thanks to Khau.
Fixed extremely pale nipples if skin tone is enabled.
Eden should no longer believe the PC has been absent the day after asking them if they can visit town.
Fixed errors found when climbing the farm watchtower without hiring a guard.
Rags will no longer materialise after the museum demonstrations.
Alex will no longer try to clear non-existent fields.
Builders will no longer lurk on the farm after construction is complete.
Wren will no longer exclaim that the PC has no panties if they're wearing crotchless panties, then demand them anyway.
The school pool no longer freezes during winter.
Fixed a soft lock found when helping Alex tend the woodland.
Fixed an error found when thanked for expanding the stable.
Fixed broken location icons at the farm woodland.
Fixed broken icons found when wearing gold bracelets during encounters.
Singing with Robin during halloween will no indicate that it lowers their confidence.
Fixed an error found during an ambient event on the town's streets.
Fixed a couple of errors found in the estate station.

Thanks to bsmith for the following fixes:
Fixed a softlock when riding a horse to and from town.
Fixed a bug that prevented the Parasite Barn from being upgraded.
Watering all plots will no longer water plots that are ready for harvest.
Stopped Eden from having second breakfast during the month of Feburary. They're not a hobbit.
Fixed a bug that prevented you from helping eden prepare the cabin for winter and cleaned up some of the code for the event.
Fixed a bug that made passing out in Alex's bedroom optional.
Fixed a rogue NPC unleashed when asking eden for another collar.
Orgasming no longer allows you to keep walking after you've already reached the park in the whipped cream event.

Thanks to stuffed for the following fixes:
Fixed a bug that caused body writing on the left thigh to not always appear visually.
Fixed a bug that made male crossdressers abnormally confident when stripping their top on along the road east of town.
Fixed a bug that stopped Mason giving apparently male characters detention when caught in the girls' changing room.
Sanity improvements.

Thanks to braymann for the following fixes:
Sadism now has an upper limit.
Sadism is now displayed in the stats menu.
Acting impressed when you see Alex capture a lurker will no longer prevent you from capturing any lurkers yourself.
You can no longer go into debt by paying the hairdresser more money than you have.
Fixed an issue with the cheat menu disappearing in Remy's estate.
Fixed an error in the alleyways when it's raining or snowing.
Moving towards the coast while in heels will no longer take you even deeper into the moor instead.
Various typo fixes.

Thanks to aimozg for the following fixes:
Added grayscale underwear bulge sprites.
Fixed an issue that caused parts of certain tops to render beneath breasts.
Fixed some error message spam.
Fixed incorrect layering upper clothing parts when item is tucked in. Thanks to aimozg.

Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes:
The tending feat boost should no longer ignore the boost from the green thumb background.
Fixed some errors with the scene viewer.
Farm upgrade scenes can no longer be skipped.
Fixed a problem found when building a parasite barn.
Adjusted the parasite barn.
Fixed a minor issue with some of the older wardrobe style links.
Added the Robin Intro scenes to the scene viewer.
Added the initial Whitney scenes to the scene viewer.


0.3.0.3
Added a horse/centaur toggle.
Added sensitivities to the cheat menu. Thanks to stuffed.
The PC can now spontaneously orgasm in Robin's room. Thanks to stuffed.
Body parts will now sometimes take sensitivity into account when described. Thanks to stuffed.
The new renderer now uses greyscale images, improving sprite quality. Thanks to aimozg.
Thanks to note leven for code improvements.
Thanks to stuffed for code improvements.

Balance Changes
Eden now requires five love hearts before they'll offer the PC dinner.
Riding lessons now improve thigh skill faster.

Bug fixes:
Fixed an error found when defeated by Bailey at the hospital.
Fixed an error found when spotting Whitney in the park.
You should no longer be able to work on the farm before dawn.
Entering the farm woodland should now pass time.
Tending the woodland will now advertise that it takes 20 minutes.
Fixed an error found in the farm upgrades menu. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
The parasite barn should no longer be available before it's built.
The world map will no longer cover the close button when scrolling down in the journal.
Eden will no longer offer a second dinner after making Christmas dinner.
The parasite barn can now be displayed as the current building project in the farm upgrades menu. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Removed duplicate code and text found after masturbating in the park toilets after being watched. Thanks to Crimson Tide.
Thanks to Crimson Tide for lots of typo fixes.
Fixed time again. Thanks to note leven.
Kylar should no longer steal your underwear before meeting you. Thanks to note leven.

Thanks to Khau for the following fixes:
Stopped many npcs from breaking free.
Stopped the massage scene from disappearing at 11:30pm.
The fifth massage cycle will no longer take 33 minutes instead of 30.
Massaging now increases more of Eden's lust.
Talking to Eden when traumatized will now show it increases their dominance.
Stopped the sewing kit from disappearing before you finish sewing in designs for the pillows.
You can no longer practice shooting while Eden is reading beside the fire.

Thanks to braymann for the following fixes:
The countdown for Remy's attacks the farm can no longer go into negatives.
Having sex with Alex in their bed will no longer teleport them into your bed.
The game will no longer indicate that you gain stress when you hear the sound of soothing rain.
Whitney will no longer be described as "_text_output" when seeing them in the park.


0.3.0.2
Adjusted the tone of close up chest images when skin colour is disabled.
Split the Save/Options and statistics/feats into their own menu's and the button layout. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Code improvements for the options menu. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Added an anal parasite birthing locaiton to Alex's farm. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
You can now walk to school with Robin early. Thanks to stuffed.

Thanks to Khau for the following additions and improvements:
Added the ability to dust and sweep the cabin floor.
Added the ability to make salves and soap in the cabin.
Added the ability to ask Eden to furnish the cabin, which allows you to buy a rug, pillows, and new curtains. You also make a coat hanger and loveseat together.accordingly. The furniture impacts descriptions and events.
Added the ability to sew a fur blanket for the loveseat after it's made.
Added the ability to sew designs in the pillows after they're purchased.
Added the ability to make a scarf for Eden in the winter.
Added the ability to give Eden a massage once the rug is purchased.
Added the ability to ask Eden to be safe on their hunts.
In autumn, you can work with Eden to prepare the cabin for winter.
Added a boat scene to Eden's lake event. The scene's intro only happens once per game.

Bug fixes
Fixed a few errors found when the PC orgasms. Thanks to stuffed, radiance and PurityGuy.
Fixed a soft lock found at wardrobes. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed an issue with Eden being worried without you leaving the cabin for longer than your allowed time. Thanks to Khau.
The farm should now transition to a new day properly. Thanks to note leven.
Fixed a number of issues with Alex and farm events not resetting at the end of the day.

Thanks to aimozg for the following fixes:
Fixed neck items not displaying.
Hand items should no longer display above sleeves.
Fixed error in clothing shop when new renderer was never enabled.
Left sleeves should no longer unintentionally switch to cover.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following fixes:
Alex's first kiss during encounters will now properly be counted as a love interest's kiss, should the requirements be met.
Fixed Alex breaking containment if they don't feel comfortable talking to the player about upgrading the farm.
Alex only loves half as much after sex.
Alex's lust is now clamped properly, and they will no longer resemble pre-0.2 Eden.
Alex's displayed lust loss after sex is now consistent with other NPCs.
The player no longer loves a 0.3.0.1 Error: <<if>>: bad conditional expression in <<if>> clause: pronoun is not defined with secrets.
Typo fixes.


0.3.0.1
Sensitive nipples will now be desribed a such at points throughout the game. Thanks to stuffed.

Bug Fixes
Thanks to radiance for code improvements.
Thanks to stuffed for fixing a number of issues.

Thanks to note leven for the following fixes:
Fixed time itself.
Fixed a number of errors found in the orphanage garden.
Fixed more broken time.
Fixed an error found at market.
Fixed a broken widget.
Fixed a problem with ball hair.
Fixed an issue with neckwear.
Added body filter to blush.
Fixed some formatting issues in the journal, and during Blackjack.
Robin no longer gives you double fame after sex.
Typo fixes.

Thanks to braymann for the following fixes:
Fixed a softlock when walking along the road to the farms when your headwear gets snatched by the wind.
An undefined steed will no longer be waiting for you outside of town before you've saddled one of Alex's horses.
Fixed an error when agreeing to work at Alex's farm.
Build projects on the farm will now properly progress each day.


0.3.0.0
Added Alex's cottage. The PC can move in following an event that triggers a few days after restoring the fourth field.
Alex now becomes available as a love interest.
The PC can now gain control of Alex's fields, and plant what they like.
You can now ride a horse between Alex's farm and the town.
Remy will now launch full assaults on Alex's farm.
Added construction projects to Alex's farm, allowing its facilities and defences to be improved, and its grounds expanded.
Aphrodisiacs can now be produced at Alex's farm, and sold to a specific buyer.
Added the "Hurl net" ability to lurker encounters.
Added more events to Alex's farm.
One of the new scenes, featuring a ladder and Alex's wandering eyes, was written in collaboration with Mookie.
Further fields can now be cleared at Alex's farm, up to nine. Farm features unlock as more fields are cleared.
Producing enough milk or semen when milking yourself at Alex's farm will now bottle the fluid, letting you sell it at market.
Adjusted and incorporated the Alex breakfast scene and shower voyeur scene from noeinan's World Expansion mod.
Added feet actions to struggle encounters. "Dodge" lets you avoid grapples using your feet skill. "Plant" lets you apply feet skill to grip chance.
Added the rag top and rag skirt to the museum demonstrations. Art courtesy of ThatPersonOverThere.
Separated the journal into its own overlay, and added a world map. Includes a wintry map variant when appropriate. Art courtesy of Prota.
Replaced the CSS filter system responsible for colouring images. It now uses HTML Canvas, animated through JS. This should improve performance, fix a number of issues, and help future development. Thanks to aimozg.
Added 108+ bite-sized events based on the current season and weather to the world. Written by Kealoz with adjustments, additions and code by PurityGuy.
Nicknames given to the PC by the townsfolk and criminal underworld will now appear at the bottom of the Social overlay.
Added potato, turnip, and strange flower seeds to Alex's farm. Broccoli and cabbage seeds can now be found on the moor. Plums, peaches, strawberries, and strange flowers can be foraged on Alex's farm once the farm woodland is unlocked.
Added the sadism stat, with a series of traits that mirror the masochism traits. Sadism increases the pain inflicted by defiant acts, but makes such acts increase arousal.
Added "Lurkers captured" and "Aphrodisiacs sold" to the statistics overlay.
Eden's rescue attempts on the asylum can now succeed, but require some involvement from the PC, and won't trigger until trauma is below 50%. Thanks to Khau.
Added location images for Alex's cottage. Art courtesy of Mochi.
Adjusted the Robin milk drinking scene.
Added toggles for bees and lurkers.
Adjusted the catsuit, adding a shine. Also added damage states for the upper half.
Added a tending feat boost.
Added close up art of the PC's chest, displaying the different breast sizes, and boob jobs for larger sizes.
Added known seeds to the Journal.
Added gold bracelets to the clothing shop.
You can now build a greenhouse at the orphanage.
Added a simple event to the orphanage.
Added the number of orgasms experienced while being choked to the statistics overlay.
The orgasm addict, cum dump, plaything, fucktoy, bitch, prey, tasty, and milk addict traits now have different names should the PC be sufficiently defiant.
Added spray skill to the Characteristics overlay, which improves when sprays are used, and adds a chance of conserving ammo.
Added stair icons to the shopping centre. Art by sseshess, and coded by Lollipop Scythe.
Added makeup presets and other options to the mirror. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Adjusted mirror bodywriting to allow for different categories.
The game will now notify you when a new update is released. Can be disabled in SAVES/OPTIONS. Thanks to Sommar.
The PC can now overhear other students in the library. Thanks to radiance.
Added a banner to the start screen. Art courtesy of Mochi.
Added the "Dealing", "To Watch the Fields", "Twisted Desire", "Served Hot", "Sadomasochist", "Into the Sunset", "The Rival Farm," "The Rival Estate", "Cultivator", "Heroic Victory", and "Reliable Employer" feats.
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for code improvements.
Thanks to radiance for minor code improvements.
Thanks to aimozg for code improvements and major performance improvements.
Thanks to note leven for code improvements and major performance improvements.

Thanks to Khau for the following additions and improvement:
Added a Halloween event for Eden.
Added Valentine's Day events for Eden.
If you pass out at the lake with Eden set as your love interest, there's a chance they'll rescue you.
If you scream while attacked at the lake with Eden set as your love interest, there's a chance they'll rescue you.
You can scream for Eden during the Lake Mermaid event, and they will rescue you.
Eden will now remove your muzzle during the Farm Rescue scene if you have one.
Eden will now invite you to bed, similar to Robin's bedtime event.
Added more narration to Eden's dinner and lunch scenes to stop it from feeling too sparse.
Eden will now react should the PC lose or remove their collar, giving the opportunity to replace it.
Eden will now react should the PC return to the cabin on their own after staying away for longer than the agreed time.
Eden will now notice if trauma is too high, and the PC can talk to them about it.
You can now talk to Eden while cuddling.
Added a pass out scene to the cabin.
Eden will now comment about the blood moon if they find blood lemons.
Reworked the links in Eden's cabin.

Thanks to Sommar for the following additions and improvements:
Replaced the "Help" option when playing cards with "Help and Options".
You can now choose different colours and patterns for your playing cards, via "Help and Options".
Adjusted what the game considers an "outfit", so multipart clothes that don't connect at the waist will be categorised more appropriately at shops and wardrobes.
You can now press F to refresh animations, unsticking any that are broken.
You can now click on images to refresh them.
Moved the old fixer button to the bottom of Saves/Options.
Adjusted the sweatpants sprite.
Fixed a bug that caused the animation unsticker to freeze the entire screen.
The clothing tab for hands now highlights when active.
The explanation for why an item failed to equip at the wardrobe will now flash to make it more visible.
Wardrobe links will now flash when clicked.
Code improvements.

Thanks to ndarkflame for the following additions and improvements:
Added toggles for receiving and giving analingus.
Female NPCs can now shift positions to try to make the PC perform analingus while facesitting.
Male NPCs can now try to make the PC perform analingus if the PC's genitals are already occupied.
Added lick and kiss options when performing analingus.
Moved existing analingus scenes behind appropriate toggles.
Various flavour text.


Balance changes
Confident Robin will now refuse to drink directly from the PC's breasts.
Setting Eden as a love interest will now let you operate in the cabin while exposed, with some embarrassment.
Servicing Wren's friends with your mouth will no increase arousal.
Eden and the Black Wolf will now catch you more easily should you hobble through the forest in heels.
Heels are now unsuitable for the moor.
Relaxing on the hammock outside the stables at Alex's farm no longer removes a little fatigue.
Made some NPCs more focused on stripping the PC.
Leaving the orphanage via the garden now puts you in the residential alleyways, rather than Domus Street, once the tutorial is complete.
Refusing to pay Bailey will now give more defiance.
Tentacles can no longer assail the PC when trapped in a locker unless the PC is suffering severe hallucinations.
Wren should take a few more risks when playing Blackjack. Thanks Lollipop Scythe.
Reduced the impact of physical activity on butt shrinkage. Thanks to braymann.
Donating to needy orphans now increases kindness fame.
The outcome of hospital exhibitionism options is no longer tied to allure.
Asking Eden for a collar now increases their dominance. Thanks to Khau.
Licking Wren's colleagues' pussies will now increase stress and trauma should the PC have insufficient promiscuity.
Plants can now only be grown in certain seasons.


Bug Fixes
Milking yourself for Robin now counts as an exhibitionist 5 act like advertised.
Penises will no longer poke through gold chastity belts on the combat sprite.
Fixed a bug that prevented the location image appearing on Remy's estate at dusk.
Entering the forest from Eden's clearing now takes 10 minutes.
Fixed a bug that made an event with a friendly dog on the street fire less often than intended.
Selecting custom colour as the default and using default colour for shop icons will no longer make all the icons red. Thanks to Sommar.
The PC's gloves and sleeves will no longer animate apart from the PC's body when giving handjobs to beasts.
Fixed the description of the cat hat.
Changing filters at the clothing shop will now reset the menu to page 1.
Fixed an error found when stripping your underwear for Wren.
You can no longer strip clothes for the wasps in the forest whlie.
Fixed a bug that caused blurry images when zoomed. Thanks to aimozg and Sommar.
Fucktoy will now stack properly with other trauma reduction traits.
The Fucktoy feats should no longer cause the cheat menu to reduce trauma by the wrong amount.
Deleting evidence at the police computer can no longer give you negative criminality.
Angel, fallen angel and demon wings will now unhide should an accompanying bird transformation lose its wings.
Genitals will no longer be able to phase through your hands should you straddle an NPC's penis or similar during combat.
Throwing fruit at a pillory victim now advertises that it takes two minutes.
Giving a pair of NPCs a handjob in exchange for a ride along the road east of town will now take 15 minutes as advertised.
The cafe location art will no longer appear renovated as soon as Sam reveals their renovations plans.
The PC will no longer appear to become ravenous at the thought of eating grass.
Fixed some Eden pronoun issues. Thanks to ndarkflame.
Fixed a bug that prevented exhibitionism increasing appropriately when flashing crotchless panties on the street.
Fixed some errors found when dancing with Eden.
Thanks to webbie47 for fixing a money calculation issue.
Fixed a bug that made the physique options found when attacked by a lone tentacle on the streets harder than indicated.
Fixed a bug that prevented the sprite for thigh length hair from appearing in the doggy position.
Soliciting NPCs when naked on the streets at night will no increase prostitution fame.
Fixed an error found at the asylum.
Plant tentacles along the road in the farmlands will no longer appear without severe hallucinations.
A tentacle encounter will no longer trigger when passing out at the landfill if tentacles are disabled.
Fixed a resolution error for the lace bra at large breast sizes. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Bailey slapping the player in anger will now properly increase pain. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Looking in the mirrors at school and the park should now take the advertised 2 minutes.
Added time indicators to the aggressive pillory options.
Whitney's irritation at the player should now reset when they leave the park.
Fixed an issue with transparent clothing colouring. Thanks to aimozg.
Fixed missing pixels in breast sprites. Thanks to aimozg.
Adjust freckles and blush images. Thanks to aimozg.
Fixed a bug that left the left arm sleeve hanging on the sidebar sprite. Thanks to aimozg.
Fixed a bug that erased the colour of hoodies and cat hats. Thanks to aimozg.
Fixed a bug that broke the colour description of custom coloured clothes bought with the "Buy and wear" button. Thanks to Sommar and aimozg.
Fixed some broken pronouns for Eden and Winter. thanks to lifeAnime.
Begging for help when hitchhiking will now increase submissiveness.
Eden will now be properly described as coming on your face when their cock hovers near your mouth. Thanks to Khau.
If you disable strangulation and Eden recaptures you, you will be presented with a regular encounter scene instead of an asphyxiation one. Thanks to Khau.
The harpy transformation will now be mentioned when looking in the mirror.
Thanks to stuffed for minor code and typo fixes.
Performance improvements.

Thanks to bsmith for the following fixes:
Fixed a rogue NPC unleashed at the school pool.
Fixed a rogue NPC unleashed when farming at Eden's cabin.
Fixed a rogue NPC unleashed when giving Eden a radio.
Altered text when failing moving mouth to chest so it makes more sense when there is only one NPC.
Fixed an error when passing out at the hospital.
Rewrote a line of text when getting help from Bailey. Written by Fangi.
Typos

Thanks to Khau for the following fixes:
Fixed an issue that caused the town’s image to show when rescued by Eden.
Fixed an issue that caused the asylum’s image to show when back at Eden's cabin after their rescue.
Fixed an issue that prevented the buying of Eden's Christmas gift.
You can no longer scream for Eden to save you from Eden.
Encounters with Eden will no longer raise combat, rape or exhibitionism fame.
Passing out in town with Eden as a love interest will no longer result in two "wake up" options.
Lemons found with Eden during a blood moon will now be blood lemons, rather than regular.
Fixed an issue found during Eden's dance event.
Fixed a bug that prevented Eden's Halloween notification showing up if you served mushrooms for breakfast.
Fixed some formatting issues in Eden's cabin.
Typos.

Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes:
Fixed an issue with parasitic pregnancy.
Fixed an issue with the setting export/importer that caused it to unintentionally disable some toggles.
Fix an issue with the images for long leather gloves.
Fixed an option at Remy's farm that increased obedience rather than decrease it.

Thanks to note leven for the following fixes:
Fixed some issues found when storing items outside a wardrobe.
Fixed some issues with gender appearance found when buying, trying and returning clothes at the shop.
Fixed a bug that broke sidebar clothes description grammar.
Fixed broken captions related to wearing nothing but two pieces of disconnected underwear.
Fixed a number of missing images on Linux, Android, and other devices.
Fixed a bug that could break money, and repaired damaged saves.
Fixed the spacing in the sidebar stats.
Other minor fixes and typos.

Thanks to Sommar for the following fixes:
Hoodie hoods are now considered part of the chest piece, fixing a number of issues, such as the wind east of town snatching your entire hoodie away.
Fixed an issue with penis pubes.
The sidebar penis images should now correspond correctly to penis size.
Added missing pubic hair sprites.
Fixed an error found when trying to buy clothes when images are disabled.
Fixed an issue with the sidebar sprite for hands.
Fixed an issue with hand accessory icons in the clothing shop.
Added a failsake to prevent a rare error found when being choked.
Fixed a bug that prevented contrast applying to clothes acquired with the "Buy and wear" button.
Putting on an upper clothing while wearing a large towel no longer leaves the lower part of the towel on.
Typo fixes.

Thanks to braymann for the following fixes:
Having a dolphin cum in your vagina will no longer softlock the android version. Thanks to braymann.
Machines penetrating your ass will no longer look like a regular penis in the android version. Thanks to braymann.
Fixed a bug where your penis action will carry over to the next beast in multi-beast encounters.
It is no longer possible for NPCs to have negative arousal.
Fixed some issues where the player will gain sex or rape fame when they're not supposed to, such as in the gloryholes.
Fixed an issue where the science trait will lower your pain after the game decides whether you have too much pain to fight, instead of before.
Fixed some bugs with the beast encounters when breaking into houses.
Fixed a bug that prevented you from being able to tell the dolphins to stop having sex with you.
Fixed a small bug with the new Eden scenes in town.
Fixed even more bugs with the Raul and Janet scene. Janet will no longer be wearing the PCs chastity device, and the player's stats in the statistics menu will no longer increase from what you do in the book.
Fixed an issue where crossdressing male characters wearing male swimwear can only tell Mason that they only have female swimwear.

Thanks to stuffed for the following fixes:
Fixed a bug that could cause Robin to fall into debt early on old saves.
Fixed a pain issue found when enveloped by a tentacle.
Fixed a bug that prevented the bird transformation being described as "harpy" should beasts be disabled.
Fixed an issue with rainy weather.
Fixed an issue found when hired by Leighton at the brothel.
Tentacles should now take sensitivity into account when interacting with the PC's genitals and chest.
Fixed some missmatched stated and actual time passed.


0.2.24.2
Thanks to aimozg for a development tool.
Adding the bathrobe to the clothing shop. Thanks to Sommar.
Thanks to Sommar for adding a function that'll help update old saves when overwear is added.
Added tuck in shirt and pull up/down hood options to the old wardrobe UI. Thanks to Sommar.
Added a small blackjack guide. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.

Balance Changes.
Avery may now show up on Saturdays before the science project has concluded, if already met in the park.

Bug Fixes
Fishnet stockings no longer provide so much warmth.
The Farmer trait will no decrease the rate physique decays as intended.
Fixed a bug that caused the wrong event to trigger after failing to fight off Whitney outside schoool, and could break Whitney's forced tattoo scene.
Fixed a bug that caused NPCs to aim lube at the PC's butt, then get it on their penis instead. Thanks to ndarkflame.
Fixed a bug that prevented Wren from taking your virginity. Thanks to Crimson Tide and bsmith.
The "Black Wolf the Alpha" feat will now trigger on saves that have already lost their virginity to the black wolf.
You can now only wash Eden's clothes once per day.
The game will now mention when the PC is pushed out to sea by dolphins.
Fixed a visual issue with hoodies when the first is acquired.
Orderlies who help you study in the asylum will no longer appear to grow a penis when they're not meant to.
Screaming when assaulted in a private room at the brothel will no longer end the encounter.
Fixed a softlock at the asylum.
Eden will now take your handholding virginity when grasping your hands through the bars of the asylum fence.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following fixes:
Undid the replacement of the flaps style, moving the new style to its own style.
Put the stray 0s back in their pens in the farmlands exhibitionism events.
Removed a dead link in the forest, it wasn't ready to be seen yet.
Fixed an error with shop defaults when trying to import settings.
Players who gave their virginity to the Great Hawk prior to this update will now receive the "Great Hawk the Terror" feat upon launching that save.
Ace and 10 is now counted as a Natural Blackjack.
Fixed an issue with the plain bra on linux and android.
Typos.

Thanks to Sommar for the following fixes:
Added a button to Saves/Options that unsticks frozen animations.
Fixed an error with custom clothing colours.
Fixed the broken hoodie icon.
Adjusted the hoodie hood to account for the pulled down state.
Fixed a bug that prevented the "Show under clothes" option in the clothing shop displaying the secondary pieces of outfits.
Added custom colours upport to panties-to-the-side sprite in closeups.
Fixed a bug with "Show under clothes" that caused upperclothes to untentionally re-appear.
Fixed the icons for the cout shirt, scout shorts and jockstrap.
Fixed an issue with the sleeves of custom coloured upper clothes sleeves.
Fixed an issue that gave NPCs the ability to perfectly judge the size of breasts during encounters.
Fixed a stray pixel in the right sleeve of the hoodie.
Pussies will now be described as "bushy" at a lower level of hairiness.
Fixed a caption text error when wearing the open shoulders crop top.
Fixed a bug allowing penis size to be set lower than intended in the cheat menu, causing issues.
Fixed a bug preventing some colours from displaying on hand and neckwear in the character viewer.
Cleaned up some code.

Thanks to braymann for the following fixes:
Mason will now let the PC wear boy's swimwear if that's all they have.
Fixed an error found during the moor vore encounter.
Fixed a bug that prevented the storage of underwear in various locations.

Thanks to bsmith for the following fixes
Fixed instances of "+NPC Dominance" at Eden's cabin.
Fixed a rogue NPC unleashed when giving Eden a gift.
Fixed a rogue NPC unleached when checking pills at Eden's cabin.
Fixed an event in the landfill that increased stress far more than it should've.
Fixed self-bodywriting to bring options in-line with the rest of the game.
Fixed a text issue found when asking NPC's to leave your top on.
Fixed a street event that would leave your clothes pulled aside.
Fixed a pronoun issue when meeting Wren at the estate.
The firestarter feat is now correctly named.
Fixed a rogue NPC unleashed when buying Eden supplies.
Fixed a few pronoun errors.
Tidied up some text.
Tidied up some code.
Typos.

Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes:
Allowed the settings importer to fail gracefully when an incorrect json string is provided.
Fixed a problem with blackjack scoring found when there are multiple aces.
Adjusted the blackjack win/lost text to make Natural Blackjacks clear.
Added missing blackjack win stats.

0.2.24.1
Added an option to reduce stress, trauma and obedience at night while at Remy's farm. Written by Harcher and coded by bsmith.
You can now wrap a towel around Wren after Blackjack. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Added a bench proper, which appears during a scene with Whitney in the park. Art courtesy of Kodi.
Added new art for the hoodie chest piece and sleeves. Courtesy of KG.
Added damage states for the cheerler skirt. Art courtesy of KG.
Added the kilt and tam o' shanter to the clothing shop. Art courtesy of KG.
Pom poms are now a hand garment, separate from the cheerleading top. Thanks to KG.
Added the cat hat to the clothing shot. Art courtesy of Borb.
Added the holy stole to the forest shop, unlocked by reaching maxiumum grace. Art courtesy of PurityGuy.
Added icons for puffer jackets, camo shirts, star pyjama shirts and moon pyjama shirts. Art courtey of Borb.
Added location art for the residential alleyways. Art courtesy of Mewsic Box.
Added location art for the riding school. Art courtesy of Korky.

Balance Changes
The fumes from the burning field at the Remy estate will now drug the PC.
Eden's clothes can now only be repaired, and their supplies taken stock of, once per day.
You can now ask Eden for help searching the forest a limited number of times per day based on love.

Bug Fixes
The "Black Wolf the Alpha" feat is now correctly named.
Ignoring a boat at out sea will no longer scare away any squid attached to you.
Hovering over an item at the clothing shop in Chrome will no longer make coloured text flicker. Thanks to Sommar.
The crop top's name will no longer be capitalized all the time. Thanks to braymann.
Revealing small breasts when dancing will now have the proper exhibitionism requirement. Thanks to braymann.
Being sold to the Underground Brothel will no longer make you unafraid of Bailey again. Thanks to braymann.
Wren will no longer lie about sitting on your lap when playing Blackjack.
Fixed a bug that caused promiscuous options to trigger twice when playing Blackjack.
Flirting when Wren straddles the PC will now impact text.
Added new art for the flaps fringe style. Thanks to Borb.

Thanks to lifeAnime for typo fixes.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following fixes:
Taking Robin's hand when buying them a new picnic basket will now take handholding virginity.
Fixed some issues found during Kylar's new events.
Fixed an error found in the castle tower.
Fixed a spacing issue and tattoo check issue during Whitney's new events.
Fixed an error found when Eden punishes the player.
The new exhibition event in the park restrooms can now happen in the women's restrooms as well.
Fixed an error when leaving the lake exposed.
Fixed an incorrect genitalia check in the new blackjack events.
Fixed an error when the game checks for the player's vaginal virginity right before Wren takes it.
Fixed a missing oral skill check if Wren has a vagina.
Fix for a <<0>> breaching containment when Wren takes your penile virginity.
Fixed an error found when Wren refers to Remy.
Fixed a broken link in Eden's cabin.
Fixed a few instances of the player not fixing their clothing in the new Eden events.
Taking Eden's hand will now properly take the player's handholding virginity.
Kylar will now be properly removed as your love interest when arrested.
Fixed incorrect order of stress, trauma and arousal changes when Robin takes the  player's first kiss after their confession.
Your mouth action will no longer default to plead after asking something during combat.
Typo and spacing fixes.

Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes:
Fixed a couple of errors found during Blackjack.
Fixed an issue found when buying items in the shop with the "don't return" setting set to true.
Fixed a bug that prevented Stockholm syndrome: Eden unlocking the loincloth.
Adjusted the shop back button to allow returning to the catalogue.
Adding missing settings to settings exporter/importer.
Fixed the Blackjack UI.
Fixed a pronoun issue found before playing Blackjack at the Remy estate.
Removed duplicate settings.
Fixed some null errors found in the wardrobe.
Adjusted the sidebar caption text.
Short hair should now show when wearing a hood.
Hair will no longer contribute to your appearance when wearing a hood.
Updated the character viewer with the new hair and fringe types.
You can now show a single character rather than all 11 in the character viewer.
Cum can now spill from the character view mannequins.
Spacing fixes.

Thanks to bsmith for the following fixes:
Fixed a sex changing dog at Alex's farm.
Added "Press their hand to your neck", "Take their hand off your neck" and "Pull their hand off your neck" to default actions.
Fixed a pronoun issue found when stripping in the park restrooms.
Fixed issues with bodywriting in encounters.
Fixed a bug that prevented underwear stripping when dancing.
Fixed a bug that stopped hunger increasing as expected at Remy's farm.
Refusing Eden when shopping for clothes will no longer lead to an error.
Prevented NPCs disappearing at the asylum.
Fixed a rogue NPC unleashed when being shoved into the school toilets by Whitney.
Fxied a rogue NPC unleashed when dancing with Eden.
Difficulty indicators added from missing categories during the pub quiz.
Typo fixes.

0.2.24.0
The Remy estate can now be broken into, and their operations sabotaged, once Remy has made their hostile intentions towards Alex known.
Added Wren the smuggler to the Social and Cheat overlays, and the settings page.
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for coding Blackjack.
Added blackjack stats to the statistics overlay.
Added stealth exhibitionism events to the farmlands. You won't be seen at night.
A stealthy catsuit can now be pilfered from the docks at night. Can be bought from the forest shop once found.
Added the flat, back, parted, quiff, straight curl and ringlet curl fringe styles, and the curl sides style. Art courtesy of namelessone.
Added a sixth pepper spray charge, accessible from the Remy estate.
Eden will be more worried than angry when looking for you in town should their love be high enough, and can be convinced to accompany the PC to the park or shopping centre. Written in collaboration with ndarkflame.
Eden can now find you if you pass out on the town's streets while they're looking for you, and are set as a love interest. Written in collaboration with ndarkflame.
Eden can now rescue the PC from Remy's farm, and attempt to rescue them from the asylum. Written in collaboration with Khau.
Added an event to the town's streets during the day.
Added the PC's first kiss and handholding virginity to the cheat menu.
The PC can now solicit help from the dockers when Robin is kidnapped, should their status at the docks be high enough. Written by yetanotheruser, and coded by Lollipop Scythe.
Exhibitionist lactating PCs in a relationship with Robin can now offer them milk during a picnic. Written by SlainWarri0r, and coded by Lollipop Scythe.
You can now enjoy a milkshake with Kylar at school. Written by Harcher, and coded by bsmith.
Robin can now rub a wolf PC's belly. Written by yetanotheruser, and coded by bsmith.
Added new events to the arcade. Written by whatifcatsare, and coded by Lollipop Scythe.
Characters with the bird transformation now have an extra option in Robin's room. Written by Harcher and coded by PurityGuy.
On rainy or snowy days, Whitney can now be found in the park. Written by PurityGuy and Kodi.
Alex can now rescue the PC should they pass out on Alex's farm. Written by Harcher, and coded by Lollipop Scythe.
Whitney will now react to bird and cow transformations on Halloween. Written by Crimson Tide and coded by PurityGuy.
Robin will now react to the bird transformation on Halloween. Written by Harcher and coded by PurityGuy.
Bailey now has unique lines during combat. Written by Harcher and coded by Lollipop Scythe.
Added the option to disable the export warning.
The characteristics overlay will now describe contact lenses if worn.
You can now control Bailey's rent via a slider in Settings. Setting it below 1 will count as enabling cheats and lock feats. Thanks to radiance.
Clothes will now influence NPCs' perception of the PC's breast and ass size, changing their behaviour appropriately. Thanks to klorpa.
Kylar now has many more interactions while talking to and teasing them. Written and coded by Crimson Tide.
Added improved code for random event selection, and applied it to the forest. Thanks to aimozg and noeinan, with help from note leven.
Added a stat to keep track of the maximum amount of "cream" produced in one session when working as a chef. Thanks to note leven.
Added alternative orgasm text and comment when the PC has a dry orgasm while dancing. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
The PC can now bump into the tutorial NPC when leaving the orphanage with Robin. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Added missing features to the character viewer. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Whitney will now properly learn of the player's genitals if they help the player finish after the pub scene. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Thanks to klorpa for lots of minor code improvement.
Thanks to note leven for code improvements.
Thanks to PurityGuy for code improvements.
Added the "Five in a Row", "Wren the Sly", "Playing with Fire", "Black Wolf the Alpha", "Firestarter" and "Trading Dignity" feats.

Thanks to Sommar for the following additions and improvements:
Overhauled the shop UI, improving presentation, performance, and adding new functionality.
You can now ask NPCs not to choke you during consensual encounters.
You can now grasp an NPCs hands when they are chocking you, either to make them keep choking, or to stop them.
You can also attempt to pry a strangling NPCs hands away from your neck, with mixed results.
Selecting an item from the "ask to" and "mock/tease" dropdown lists will now select the associate radiobutton.
Replaced white and yellow colours with pale versions for bow head clothing.
Adjusted the suspenders, beanie, and cap's sprites.
Added a warmth indicator to the wardrobe.
The warmest clothes will now be described as "very warm."
Most tops can now be tucked into your bottoms at the wardrobe.
Added clothing price sliders to the setting page, letting you change the amount asked for at the shop. "School", "Lewd" and "Underwear" have their own sliders in addition.
Improved the sidebar description of custom coloured clothes.
Added a freckles toggle to the cheat menu.
Added the strapless bra, open shoulder crop top, sweatpants, and hoodie to the clothing shop.
Adjusted the way multi-part clothing images are loaded.
Added simple mirrors with limited functionality to the park and school toilets.
Added keyboard shortcuts to mirror links.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following additions and improvements:
The Great Hawk now becomes available as a love interest once Stockholm syndrome is obtained.
Exhibitionist players can now strip and wait in a stall for an audience in the park restrooms. Promiscuous players can take it further. Written in collaboration with Kinky_One.
Exhibitionist players can now leave the lake while exposed without making a plant top or skirt.
Avery can now be dismissed at very high rage. Written in collaboration with ArachneSilk.
The game will now remove a love interest from the list of selectable love interests if they are dismissed, and tell the player when they are dismissed.
Removed the Hirsute toggle and merged it with the pubic hair toggle.
Adjusted the feral wolf ears.
Added the "Great Hawk the Terror" feat.
The Great Hawk and black wolf can now only shift between beast and monster forms at midnight.
PCs with Stockholm syndrome: Great Hawk can now initiate a lewd encounter with them in the nest, if sex has not yet occurred that day.
Flying with the Bird TF will now take varying amounts of time, and inflict varying amounts of fatigue, depending on athletic skill and weather.
The PC can no longer sing with the Great Hawk before Stockholm Syndrome is gained.

Thanks to Khau for the following additions and improvements:
Being hunted in the forest will now give hints as to who your pursuer is.
You can ask Eden to accompany you into the forest to help search for things.
Eden's attitude will become possessive, rather than just angry, should you be attacked while hunting with them.
Eden may now catch the PC when they masturbate in the spring.
You can now buy Eden a gift for Christmas, and they'll prepare a gift for you in return.
Eden may now come to your rescue when you scream in the forest once unlocked as a love interest.
Added several new activities with Eden at the cabin.

Balance Changes
Added an intitial willpower check when first attempting to glide down from the castle tower. It can now be attempted twice per day. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Beasts will no longer press their penis against your lips 100% of the time after pulling away from them, allowing the use of other defensive measures. Thanks braymann.
Fighting off Remy's thugs will no longer reduce encroachment in most cases. The PC must take the fight to Remy on the moor instead.
Changed the warmth rating of some clothes. Thanks to Sommar.
Increased the likelihood that NPCs are influenced by the PC's fame when choosing what to write on their skin.
Reading at Eden's cabin can now boost English and science skills. Thanks to Khau.
Refusing Eden's advances now has a bigger impact on love.
Cooking Eden vegetables from the plot outside their cabin now has a bigger impact on love.
Doubled the impact of lust on whether Eden chooses to assault you after refusing their advances.
Plant clothing can no longer be stored in wardrobes. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Increased the number of orgasms required to gain the Asphyxiophilia trait from 5 to 35. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Flying long distances will now count as exercise.
Re-enabled the physique and willpower loss from starving at the Tower, but made the starting hunger value lower.
Stopping Whitney's abduction will now grant kindness fame.
Clothes with the Stealthy trait are now waterproof.
The "Max those Shots" feat now requires six pepper spray charges rather than five.

Bug Fixes
Fixed an error found after successfully protesting Leighton's breast inspection.
Fixed an inaccuracy in the comfortable warmth range.
Fixed an error found after foiling Leighton's attempt to ruin the PC's reputation.
Fixed a pronoun jumble found when rescuing a victim on the town's streets while exposed.
Fixed an error found when refusing Remy's apples.
Using strong wings in the tentacle plains will no longer refer to the mirror to your bedroom as the door to the asylum.
Fixed an error found after being rescued by Bailey when assaulted in the orphanage.
Changes to Edens love, lust and dominance should now be properly advertised.
Refusing to bathe with Eden will now lower love, rather than increase it.
Selling your clothes on the street will no longer strip you of your "naked".
Fixed a bug that made spanking consider the PC's ass covered, even when bare.
Being groped by someone in an expensive outfit while dancing in a skirt will now take chastity devices into account, and will no longer consider the PC to be wearing a skirt when they are not.
The option to refuse NPCs who invite you into their car on the streets will now correctly advertise that they increase stress.
Being sucked to the old sewers by a torrent of water will now get your clothes wet.
Fixed a bug that allowed beasts in chains to phase through the PC's gag.
Fixed a pronoun issue found when Harper's photography hypnosis session is thwarted.
Fixed a bug that prevented NPCs from admiring certain body parts.
Fixed a bug that prevented some NPC lines of dialogue triggering when hiding down a stairwell on the town's streets.
Fixed a bug that prevented NPCs using permanent marker, lipstick, and mud to write on the PC.
The purity and impurity feat boosts will now specify the correct feat requirements.
Fixed expanded stats display in ui bar for firefox. Thanks to note leven.
Long leather gloves should now have a proper index and icon. Thanks to note leven.
Adjusted sleep code. Thanks to note leven.
Adding missing + love and - trauma effects when Eden continues to read to the PC. Thanks to note leven.
Thanks to note leven for assorted fixes.
Avery will no longer appear to gift the PC dollars. Thanks to erutheae.
Fixed a text bug that triggered when one monsterboy and one monstergirl are present in the same scene. Thanks to erutheae.
The lewd fluid produced stat is no longer stuck at 0 for female player characters. Herms will have both types of lewd liquids tracked. Thanks to note leven.
Fixed some pronoun and grammatical errors in NPC virginity lines. Thanks to Khau
Thanks to Khau for type fixes.
Thanks to erutheae for typo and other assorted fixes.

Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes:
Tank tops should no longer be considered to have sleeves.
Fixed a bug that allowed using pills when you didn't have any.
Fixed an error with time progression while sleeping.
Fixed some errors caused by the Great Hawk not correctly being set to their harpy form.
Fixed the clothing caption when wearing clothing items with the "naked" type.
Fixed some issues with dance exhibitionism.
You can now remove under clothing items that have the "naked" type.
The bird transformation ability on the tentacle plains will can now properly reference the orphanage entrance.
The game will now autosave when sleeping at the hospital.
Updated DolSettingsExport.json with new variables and changes.
Fixed a bug that caused extra dialogue to display during encounters with named NPCs.
Fixed a bug that allowed named NPCs to posses generic NPCs during combat.
Fixed a number of issues with the character viewer.
Fixed an issue that caused a combat-style next button to appear outside combat.
Other assorted fixes.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following fixes:
Fixed an impossible value for Whitney's dominance.
Fixed a missing athletics check during a street event.
Fixed an error found in the temple.
Fixed a line of dialog that was triggered by Kylar's Jealousy instead of Avery's Rage.
Fixed some issues with Robin and Avery's stats initialising improperly.
Fixed a bug with tracking Robin's location.
The player will no longer warp to the men's restroom after washing their face in the women's restroom, like a cheesy horror game opening scene.
Fixed a bug that prevented the PC thrusting their breasts out while flaunting.
Fix for NPCs telling a crossdressing player that it's their fault for looking like a boy or a girl, but referring to the player incorrectly as the gender they were crossdressing as instead of their actual gender.
Fixed a bug that allowed the dominant wolf to cuck the lower ranking wolf by cloning itself and replacing the latter.
Rescued clothes stored in the Women's restroom in the park from the void.
Taking Robin's hand while watching a horror movie will now take handholding virginity.
The feathered hair clip will now properly protect the bird TF from being reduced by the progress of other physical transformations.
The PC will no longer be mentioned as "missing from the cafe" in the asylum if the cafe is currently undergoing renovations.
Kylar will no longer ask "What's that thing doing here?" in reference to themselves at the orphanage.
The player will no longer yawn when pleading for someone to stop with Eden as a love interest.
Kissing Avery on the cheek no longer counts as the player's first kiss.
Robin will no longer escape the docks to go trick-or-treating.
The consentacles encounter in the lake ruin should no longer refer to the tentacles as "0s".
Tentacles from the manhole will no longer tear at your naked.
The wasps in the forest will enjoy the player stripping 50% less.
Named NPCs in the pillory should now have the proper genitals.
Fixed an error found during the bath slime event when tentacles are enabled.
Fixed a line break issue at the asylum.
Fixed many grammar issues among audience comments while dancing.
Many typo fixes.

Thanks to braymann for the following fixes:
Fixed a bug that let you suck Black Wolf's and Great Hawk's breasts without the required deviancy.
Fixed some bugs with people grabbing your underwear while you're dancing.
Remy will no longer brand the PC when they get captured again if they have forced bodywriting disabled, and will now brand them if they do have it enabled.
Remy's penis gel now includes growth formula as intended.
Fixed a bug that caused a second overlapping silhouette to appear during encounters with monster people.
Fixed a bug with returning clothes you're trying on in the store.
Fixed several instances where the PC is not able to glide with the fallen angel transformation as intended.
Fixed a bug that sometimes messed with text during encounters
Hiding parts of your transformations will now actually be bad for your mental health, and having too much trauma will make it impossible to hide your transformations as intended. Also made it so that you can hide one set of wings without consequence if you have two transformations with wings.
Being penetrated by beasts, tentacles, and struggle creatures will no longer increase your sex or rape fames.
Choosing the "Fly" option to search in the moor will now increase your odds or finding treasure as advertised
You will now properly turn into Janet when reading Raul and Janet. Your genitals and transformations will no longer carry over into the book.
Fixed several other issues with reading Raul and Janet, including Raul being a hermaphrodite, male characters having a vagina for one encounter after reading the book, and gaining actual crime for pepper spraying Raul.
Fixed a bug that would sometimes prevent Robin from wearing the outfit you bought them for Christmas when you went to the cinema together.
Fixed a few scenes where fame was gained regardless of whether you were wearing a mask.
Fixed a bug found when birthing multiple parasites at once.
The vore encounter in the moor will no longer have tentacles if you have them disabled or aren't hallucinating.
The Seedy feat and the Green Thumb trait will both require you to have all 11 seeds, instead of just 8.
Male PCs will now be able to ask to not have things put in their anus.
You will no longer have the option to strip out of your shirt while dancing before you have enough exhibitionism to dance without a shirt on.
NPCs will now comment on you losing your virginity even if you were the one to initiate penetration.
Fixed a bug that would sometimes cause a blank screen to appear when resisting Harper's hypnosis.
Fixed a bug with the Witch Dress.
Typo fixes.

Thanks to Sommar for the following fixes:
Fixed a bug that allowed you to ask NPCs to leave your top on while being choked or strangled.
The vampire jacket will now be treated appropriately during the riding lesson prank event.
Fixed a bug that made stealing cosmetics 100x more criminal than intended.
Fixed a bug that rendered pubic hair after being disabling it.
The warmth description of clothes should now take the entire garment into account, instead of just the chest piece.
Fixed a bug that prevented all secondary parts of clothing from rendering.
Fixed an error in the new shop UI that was caused by wearing broken outfits.
Changed cap sprite a bit to conceal hair.
Fixed sidebar clothes being rendered for breasts size one size smaller than what character has.
Adjusted the CSS filters.
Fixed a couple of warmth indicator bugs.
Fixed an error that prevented hats rendering properly.
Fixed a bug that allowed the PC to avoid suffocation while being choked by sucking air through an NPCs cock.
Fixed a number of issues with clothing icons.
Fixed a colour mismatch between the shop and sprite versions of certain clothes.
Fixed a "remove your naked" issue found when stripping in toilets.
Other assorted fixes.







0.2.24.3
Fixed a bug that broke the combat missionary sprite when wearing tops with sleeves.
Fixed a bug that could cause clothes to randomly swap in the clothing shop. Thanks to Sommar.


0.2.23.2
The Great Hawk will now unbind the player character. If the Great Hawk is not present, the player can unbind themselves in the tower. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Adjusted Eden's first kiss line. Thanks to Fangi.

Balance Changes
Increased the rate at which the Great Hawk makes advances on the player character in their sleep. Thanks to PurityGuy.

Bug Fixes
Eating lurkers should now reduce hunger.
Fixed some errors with moon pyjama trousers.
Physique should no longer dramatically decrease at the castle tower.

Thanks to braymann for the following fixes:
Fixed an error when escaping from Remy's goons in the moor.
Removing a herm parasite at the hospital will now take 30 minutes like it says it should.
Enthusiastically giving oral to Whitney during Kylar's Halloween event will increase Kylar's jealousy.
Your right sleeve will now be hidden when your arms are grappled during an encounter.
When being forced to show your underwear to another student, they will no longer claim that you're crossdressing if you're wearing neutral underwear.
Fixed an issue with the farm status in the social menu.
Fixed a bug when trying on outfits with custom colours.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following fixes:
Fix for the player being able to take unintended actions when the Great Hawk is attempting to leave the perch for sleep or bathing.
Fixed an error when reaching climax from the Great Hawk's grooming if they were set to be a beast.
The Great Hawk should no longer bring the player a "naked".
The player will no longer continue to gain hunger in the background after stockholm syndrome with the Great Hawk is gained.
Singing will now only progress the bird tf if the Great Hawk is present to sing with the player.
Fixed an error in the Asylum oral hypnosis event.
Breaking your chastity device will no longer reveal a second chastity device.
Improved clarity when flying across the moor.
The player can no longer tear an infinite amount of fabric off of their police collar.
Fixed several issues with Whitney's pronouns when helping the player finish in the pub scene.
Washing in the moor will now pass 20 minutes, as advertised.
Stockholm Syndrome: Great Hawk will now display differently should beasts be disabled.
Catching or embracing an NPC you meet at the pub will no longer be incorrectly marked as passing 10 minutes.
Typos.

Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes:
Fixed some issues found when sleeping in the castle tower.
Fixed a layout issue found in the castle tower when washing.
Fixed an issue with Robin's Cinema scenes.
You can no longer tear up cursed items at the castle tower.
Fixed a horizontal scrolling UI issue found during combat.
Prevented rushing water from tearing off your naked.


0.2.23.1
Eels, spiders, worms and maggots now have art during swarm encounters. Art courtesy of ΩMEGA.
Urchin and slime parasites will now display beneath chastity cages. Art courtesy of Karshton.
The player may now strip at the new npc's tower. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Added the bird TF info to the statistics tab. Thanks to PurityGuy.

Bug Fixes
Kylar's jealousy should no longer be referred to as suspicion at several points.
The Great Hawk will no longer gift you cursed items, broken pieces of other items.
Fixed some Great Hawk pronoun issues.
The dock workers who bind your arms on a boat will now unbind them following the encounter.
Fixed a bug that stopped the Sharp Eyes trait working.
Skulduggery chance descriptions should now take long leather gloves into account.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following fixes:
Allowed the player to join the Great Hawk on their perch before Stockholm Syndrome is earned.
Allowed the player to sing with the bird without Stockholm Syndrome, as long as they are present on the perch.
Fix for the Great Hawk still hunting the player after the hunt is supposed to end.
Fix for the Great Hawk hunting the player restarting.
Fix for the Great Hawk appearing as a beast even if set to "always a monster".
Fix for the great hawk using a generic beast sprite.
Fix for the Great Hawk not making any progress towards their hunt while the player is sleeping or bathing.
Fix for the Great Hawk being angry during consensual sex.
Fixed an error when punching the Great Hawk.
The game will now distinguish between morning and evening when the Great Hawk is singing.
Getting the bird tf will no longer give the player the "Howl at the Moon" feat.
Fix for the Great Hawk bringing the player an "[object][Object]". Thanks to bsmith.
Fix for the Settings and Mirror menus in the Tower warping you to the Orphanage.
The player can no longer wear the pieces of fabric the Great Hawk brings them.
Fix for taking pills at Eden's cabin warping the player to the Orphanage.
Fixed an error when speaking to Kylar.
Fixed an error when making Skullduggery checks.
Fix for the Great Hawk being referred to as having "wings instead of arms" in one scene when every other scene refers to them having wings on their back.
Fixed a line break issue at the castle.
Fixed incorrect first kiss dialog at the castle.
The player's handholding virginity can now be taken by the new NPC properly.
Fix for time not passing as advertised when bathing with the new NPC.
The great hawk will now properly greet the player the first time they are seen each day.
Fixed an incorrect check causing the "to stop" speech option to not show correctly.
Fixed an instance of the "Sharp eyes" trait not applying to the Cat tf.
Fix for an arousal increase that is only supposed to happen if the new NPC is a monster.
Fix for the bird TFs eyes layering in front of eyelids when blinking.
Removed some leftover debug code for stripping underupper clothing.
Fixed pronoun errors for the new npc.
Fixed some bugged submissiveness checks.
Made the feathered hair clip obtainable.
Robin's soft bad end message will no longer trigger if you've already taken their debt.
Typos.


0.2.23.0
A terror now soars over the moor, searching for a mate. Written in collaboration with PurityGuy. Beast encounter art courtesy of Anon, and monsterboy/girl encounter art courtesy of PurityGuy. 
Added the bird/harpy transformation, allowing limited flight where the wind is willing. Art courtesy of PurityGuy, based on a concept by Charm.
Angels, fallen angels, and demons now get the "wings" trait, allowing the PC to glide from high places.
Added the bird transformation and the new NPC's love/dominance to the cheat menu.
Female NPCs will now sometimes use lipstick instead of pen when writing on the PC. NPCs in the forest or moor will sometimes use mud.
The type of pen or similar item wielded by an NPC is now specified before they write on you.
Lipstick, eyeshadow, and mascara will now display on the encounter sprites. Mascara will run with tears. Art courtesy of Mist.
Tops should now have long sleeves on the encounter sprites where appropriate. Art courtesy of Mist.
The PC can now use their hands to struggle free of an NPC when sat on, gagged, or having their face pushed between or against a chest. Higher physique, lower NPC anger, and higher NPC trust make breaking free easier. Thanks to ndarkflame.
Kylar can be taken for a walk through the park once a day after the player reaches a moderate amount of love. Written by PurityGuy and Kodi. Coded by PurityGuy.
A heavily traumatized player that has met Harper and has appointments with them on Fridays may now ask for an emergency appointment with Harper at the Hospital. This will lead to the Asylum without needing to pass out first. Written by Harcher and coded by PurityGuy.
Whitney will now help the PC finish if they don't cum during the pub scene. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Named NPCs can now have larger breast sizes. These settings now use sliders, rather than radiobuttons. Thanks to ndarkflame.
Added icons for scout shirt, scout shorts, soccer shirt, soccer shorts, and long boots. Art courtesy of ΩMEGA.
Added long leather gloves. They have the "sticky fingers" trait, providing a boost to skulduggery. Art courtesy of Mist, and coded by Lollipop Scythe.
Moved Harper's pills into the pill collection in your bedroom, and added icons for different pills. Art courtesy of ΩMEGA.
Added a scarf, a vest, a puffer jacket, boxers, star pyjama shorts, star pyjama shirt, moon pyjama bottoms, moon pyjama shirt, gold chain, iron chain, camo shirt, and long johns to the clothing shop. Art courtesy of namelessone.
Added a feathered hair clip to the forest shop. Wearing it prevents the bird/harpy transformation from decaying. Art courtesy of Golden Skullky, with help from PurityGuy.
Shades now appear on the missionary sprite. Art courtesy of Golden Skullky.
Kylar, Whitney, Avery, Alex, Leighton and Morgan now have their own lines when taking the PC's virginities. Written by Kodi, with some help from Burnt Toast.
Added the "Fly Like an Eagle", "High Reflection", and "Catch the Wind" feats.

Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following additions and improvements.
Added feral alternative ears, tail and face markings for the wolf transformation. Art courtesy of PurityGuy and Timko.
A huge number of changes under the hood to prepare the game for the addition of overwear (coats and similar.)
Added a version number display to the bottom left.
Added body size to the Characteristics overlay.
Added shop defaults and filters to the main shop passages.
The sleep screen now indicates the wake up time for each option.
Added a variant to the the moor masturbation event.
Adjusted skill difficulties to allow external factors, such as clothing, to provide changes to success chance.
The moor shrines can now provide temporary boosts to skills, and reduce allure.
Adjusted the Characteristics overlay to display temporary skill boosts.
Some footwear now has the "rugged" trait, making them more suitable for rough terrain.
Heels are now harder to swim in.
The moor is now difficult to traverse in heels.
Herm PCs can now have the same range of vagina options as female PCs.
Added the hours spent sleeping to the statistics overlay.
Converted several mouth commands to a new ask command with its own drop down menu.
Code improvements.

Balance Changes
Nudity now provides a boost to dancing and swimming skills. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Having two ear slimes now gives a penalty to willpower. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Remy now strips more accessories from the PC. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Added the "sharp eyes" trait, part of the cat and bird transformations. Provides a boost to skulduggery.

Bug Fixes
Kissing Whitney in the forest on Halloween will no longer count as Kylar's kiss.
Whitney can now take your first kiss when they declare you their boy/girlfriend.
Harper can now properly take your first kiss when kissing you after attempting to drug you in front of an audience at Remy's farm.
Kissing Harper during an asylum treatment can now count as your first kiss.
The location image should no longer display the beach when helping Robin set up their hot chocolate stand.
Fixed an error found after breaking into the docks.
Fixed a layering issue with transformation ears on the combat sprites. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Adjusted the SAVES/OPTIONS overlay. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Jockstraps will no longer be damaged when first bought.
Fixed some issues caused after certain scenes involving the black wolf.
The option to run from your captors on the moor should now show an accurate chance of success.
Fixed a bug that caused the forest location image to appear during the pillory sequence.
Fixed some pronoun issues during encounters with monsters.
Dyeing eyebrows at Eden's cabin should no longer teleport you to the orphanage.
Fixed an error found when meeting the Black Wolf in the forest.
Fixed a bug that prevented the Black Wolf's sprites appearing during encounters.
Fixed an issue with the Black Wolf's pronouns during encounters.
The PC will no longer be considered a boy by the NPC who rescues them from an assault triggered by bodywriting, despite the gender they actually appear as.
An additional event should no longer trigger right after escaping swarms of fish in the lake.
The first night should no longer cause hallucinations.
Harper's pen will no longer be snatched by a hypnotised inmate following a treatment at the asylum.
The PC should no longer slip off their naked during the Leighton inspection sequence.
Fixed a "0" issue following the encounter with three dogs found when wearing a blindfold.
Birds on the moor will no longer perform a panicked study of the hypothetical boson analogue of a quark postulated under the rules of supersymmetry when startled.
Fixed a bug that caused the PC to be assaulted by giant breasts when taken to Remy's estate by their goons, among other horrors.
You will no longer be fucked by a "0" should you attract an audience while knotted at the docks.
You can no longer endlessly give pillory victims wedgies.
Fixed an error found after being assualted by dogs in an alley.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following fixes:
Whitney will no longer comment on the PC's horns or ears if they are hidden.
River can now notice the PC's cat ears during class, and longer tug on the PC's animal ears if they are hidden.
Fixed a pronoun error with Leighton in the canteen.
Fixed three dogs that would manifest as 0s.
Fixed a softlock in the moor.
Typo fixes.

Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes:
The PC will now dress themselves when caught milking themselves by Alex.
Robin will no longer comment on the PC's cat ears if they are hidden.
Fixed some minor issues found during swarm encounters.
Buying multiple random colour items will no longer give them all one colour.
Sleeping in Morgan's den should now auto save.
Fixed some layout issues with the encounter UI on mobile.
Fixed a bug that prevented some tips from displaying.
Fixed many old drug lines that were incorrectly referencing intoxication.
Fixed some events where the player or npc reference clothing when none are worn.
Typo and other minor fixes.

Thanks to braymann for the following fixes:
Fixed a bug that caused horses to grasp your naked during a riding lesson.
Fixed a bug that caused some items at the market stall to cost the wrong amount of money.
Fixed a bug that caused the option to "Push your most expensive stock" to never appear.
The pair walking in the forest will now have a chance to attack you when you're completely naked.
Kylar will no longer break out of prison to keep their promise with the player to meet up on Halloween.
Sex machines trying to penetrate the player's ass will no longer try to break the player's chastity belt if there isn't an anal shield in the way.
Fixed a bug that would cause swarms to occasionally not get stuck in the player's chastity belt.



0.2.22.6
Fixed a number of issues found when accosted by a pair of assailants while wearing a collar at night.
Fixed a continued issue with the groom dance action. Thanks to bsmith.
Fixed a softlock found at the Connudatus stall. Thanks to braymann.
Automatic clothing rebuy will now properly order clothing with custom colors. Thanks to braymann.
Fixed an error found when sleeping with clothing with custom accessory colors. Thanks to braymann.
Fixed an error found after meeting dolphins in the sea.
Fixed an error found after asking for help distracting orderlies.


0.2.22.5
Added running mascara to the sidebar sprite when the PC is in tears. Art courtesy of Mist.
Added an export warning with a quick link to the export menu. The time between warnings can be adjusted in SAVES/OPTIONS. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Added statistics for the new save counts. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
NPCs can now initiate oral while sitting on the PC's face. Thanks to ndarkflame.
Improved the riding lesson strip event, and added a unique outcome if the PC is wearing a leather jacket. Thanks to Sommar.
The final five points of promiscuity, exhibitionism and deviancy will now display in the Characteristics overlay. Thanks to RedStar.

Balance Changes
Increased the integrity and cost of jockstraps, and they now leave your ass open.
Reduced the amount of fluid required to satisfy Robin at their hot chocolate stand.

Bug Fixes
Fixed an error found when teasing a bit cat in the residential alleys.
Fixed an error found when abducted on the moor.
Fixed an error found after soothing tentacles in a Danube Street garden.
Changing clothes at the lake will no longer take an extra turn to update temperature.
Fixed an error found after demanding money from a stranger at Alex's farm.
Fixed an issue with Robin's pronouns during a Christmas scene.
Closed the portal hidden under Robin's hot chocolate stand, leading from the park to the beach.
The social overlay should no longer trip adblockers. Thanks to RedStar.
Fixed some broken variables in the image presets.
Fixed graphical issues with the soccer and scout shirts.
The sidebar sprite will now cover wet clothing.
Clothes can now be fixed following the attack after flaunting on the street.
The cheat menu should now ignore maximum and minimum size settings for asses, penises, and balls.
Robin should no longer mistakenly believe the PC is wearing a chastity belt when rubbing their penis against the PC's ass.
Fixed a broken athletics check during the moor abduction sequence.
Fixed a bug that cause the vaginally penetrated stat to increment improperly.
Whitney will no longer materialise in the seat beside you after masturbating in maths class, despite being locked in the dungeon, or having never met the PC.
Fixed a sidebar error found when panties are pulled aside.
Fixed an error found after crossing a flyover while undressed.
Fixed an error found after escaping Morgan.
Fixed an error found after refusing Leighton during detention.
The prison warden will no longer allow Kylar to make day trips to the arcade during winter.
The PC's top should now be properly considered when an NPC pinches their nipples.
Fixed an issue with clothing during a riding lesson event. Thanks to Sommar and ThatPersonOverThere.
Beasts that lack art will no longer appear as dogs when mounting the PC's face.
NPCS involved in the asylum bukkake sequence should now have appropriate genitals.
Fixed a bug that allowed the PC to grab multiple tentacles at once.
The PC should no longer be more modest beneath the lake than above it.
Fixed some issues with genital inspection days referencing the wrong clothes.
Fixed some isses with the groom dance action. Thanks to bsmith.
Robin's captors will no longer let them return to the orphanage to let them take part in Christmas celebrations.
Fixed an error found when abducted by Kylar.
Generic NPCs will no longer pick up the behaviour of certain named NPCs when ejaculating at the end of the same encounter.

Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes:
Fixed an issue with the feat boost drop down menu.
Tided up some of the sleeping code.
Fixed a bug that prevented clothes reequipping properly at the forest shop.
Fixed an issue with the special clothing feat boost.

Thanks to braymann for the following fixes:
Fixed an error found while attacked by a pack of dogs while blindfolded.
You'll no longer feel sunshine when running along the coastal path at night.
Fixed a bug that broke text outputs.
Fixed an error found when using the cow/bull transformation power on the tentacle plains.
Fixed a bug that caused the PC to want to hide their body after getting dressed at Alex's farm.
Fixed an error found when breaking into mansions.
Fixed a bug that caused understanding to be displayed as 100% when you're actually at 0%.
Fixed a bug that caused some clothing to remain unequipped after getting dressed.
Calling for help when sinking in quicksand will now show the correct chance of success.
Fixed a bug that caused customers at market to ask about a different item than the one they buy.
Some typos.


0.2.22.4
Added icons for the mummy facewrap, mummy top, mummy skirt, and jockstrap. Art courtesy of ΩMEGA.

Bug Fixes
The sonorous bell will now be stolen should you give up when facing down the thief.
Fixed an error found after ignoring a crying orphan.
The default dance action should now properly reset when grooming the last of the slime or semen covering you while dancing with the cat transformation.
Fixed an error found during the maths competition.
Harper's penis chart now has a proper entry for average penises.
Fixed a centaur pronoun issue.
Fixed some genital confusion found when rescuing a victim on the streets at night.
Fixed a couple of errors found when passing out in the hospital.
Fixed the rendering of close up images while wearing a chastity belt. Thanks to Sommar.
The PC should no longer blush when arousal is 0. Thanks to Sommar.
Fixed an issue with the test screen. Thanks to PurityGuy and Lollipop Scythe.
Removed some leftover debug code. Thanks to PurityGuy and Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed an issue with quicksand. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Adjusted several clothing icons. Art courtesy of ΩMEGA.
Watering all plots will no longer water wet plots a second time. Thanks to readthemanual.

Thanks to braymann for the following fixes:
Asking to not have your penis put in anything will now work properly again.
Choosing to buy and wear all the clothes you're trying on at the clothing store will now return your previous clothes to your wardrobe.
The old wardrobe style will now be clearer about how it separates regular tops and outfits.
Trying on a top at the clothing store while wearing the broken top of an outfit will no longer cause your lower clothing to vanish into thin air.
Fixed a typo in the night monster's lair.
Fixed a number of bugs caused by passing out during combat while being choked, including one that broke the PC's money.
Fixed a visual bug found while passed out.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following fixes:
Fixed a few errors found after a successful hunt with the pack.
Removed another 0 dog found during the English outbuilding event.
Fixed a bug that prevented several moor events from triggering, among other errors on the moor.
Fixed another error in Leighton's private show.
Fixed an error message found when being milked on the tentacle plains.
Fixed an undefined orphan in the orphanage eavesdrop event.
Fixed an NPC breaking free after stealing on Domus Street.
Fixed NPCs breaking free from the alleyway dog following events.
Fixed an incorrect link name in the temple garden.
Fix for an NPC on the moor being so excited to see your genitals that they stutter their dialogue.


0.2.22.3
The hairdresser will no longer give you an eyebrow dye tab.
Fixed errors found when attacked by a cat on the moor. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Fixed a bug that caused a lot more vegetables to be harvested on the moor than intended.
Fixed error found during the pig scenes at Remy's farm.
Fixed an error found during the pig show at the brothel. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Fixed a soft lock found in the school toilets. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Fixed an error found when having a group of dogs unleashed on you while blindfolded on the town's streets. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Fixed an error found when escaping dogs outside Domus Street homes. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Fixed some issues found when choosing between the high and low ranking wolves in the wolf cave.
Fixed an error found after being gangbanged by your maths class.
Fixed a number of errors found when trying to speak while being choked.
Fixed an error found when calming cats found in Danube Street mansions.
The new clothing icons should now display properly on old saves. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed an error found when swallowed by a whale. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed an error found when your nipples are pinched following an encounter. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed bug that prevetned the social overlay from rendering on older browsers. Thanks to Redstar.
Adjusted Social overlay UI. Thanks to RedStar.
Fixed a Settings issue outside the start page. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed a soft lock at the asylum.
The final stage of the "o long and beautiful" sequence can no longer be missed.


0.2.22.2
Reduced the number of vegetables foraged on the moor per event.
Fixed a number of issues caused by beast/monster scenes failing to end properly.
Fixed a bug that gave animals the power of speech.
Fixed a bug found during the English outbuilding event.
Armwear will now be properly hidden when your arms are restrained during encounters. Thanks to braymann.
The skulduggery improvement message at midnight will no longer show up if skulduggery was improved with cheats. Thanks to braymann.
Undid a change that caused all your pepper spray canisters to be hidden if they were all empty. Thanks to braymann.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following fixes:
Fixed many errors found in different beast scenes.
Fixed a dozen beasts breaking free.
Fixed many incorrect beast referrals.
Updated a tip about wolves to reflect beasts being disabled.
Fixed some logic with the farm pig job.
Fix for improper colours on the closed mouth sprite in combat.
Fix for monster people penises not layering correctly during oral.
Fix for a third wolf showing up during the consensual wolf pair event, which then undefined itself and vomited an error all over your screen like a very naughty pooch.
Fix for a wolfperson incorrectly calling you a pack member when you aren't.
Fixed many errors in the Street Follow event.
Foxed an error caused by a fox sighting on the moor.
Jockstraps are no longer free.
Fixed errors found when passing out in the moor and being kidnapped. The player will no longer be called "Good breeding stock" by _text_outputs.
Stopped a wolf speaking after a link.
Fixed a bug that caused the cat that appears while masturbating to undefine itself.
Fixed three cases of the beastsplural widget not being closed properly.
Typo fixes.

Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes.
Fixed an inconsistent antique description after the hooded figure leaves the museum.
Fixed a bug that made romancing Robin always give the first kiss feat.
You can now add add "Ask them to choke you" to default sex options.
Fixed a bug that caused Avery to take your first kiss instead of Robin.
Fixed an issue with Bailey's pronouns.
Fixed a bug with the tanning enable/disable option.
Minor fixes for mobile users.


0.2.22.1
Added a secret gift to one of the moor events. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.

Balance Changes
Less vegetables now grow per plot, but they are worth more individually.

Bug Fixes
Fixed an error found while searching for clothes in the temple garden.
Fixed an error found at the pharmacy.
Fixed a bug that could cause the PC to teleport deep into the moor when entering from the farmlands.
The strange arcade cabinet can now drug the PC with aphrodisiacs.
Fixed a softlock found when captured by Remy's goons.
Armwear should no longer float beside the PC while arms are bound. Thanks to braymann.
Fixed a couple of anal actions that were increasing vaginal skill instead. Thanks to braymann.
Fixed an error found when approached by dolphins at sea.
Kylar will no longer spend all night at the arcade, insisting they're about to leave, but never doing so.
You should longer be accosted by a 0 after being attacked by a dog during the English outbuilding event.
Fixed an error found when being rescued following a dog attack in front of a house on Domus Street.
You will no longer receive the message that your skulduggery increased to F+ after you use the skulduggery feat boost. Thanks to braymann.
You can no longer steal money from Raul when reading Raul and Janet. Thanks to braymann.

Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes:
Added no-numberify class to the hidden elements of the shop and the preset settings.
Fixed an issue with the mirror.
Fixed an error found during Avery's scenes.
Fixed an issue with the starting clothes.
Fixed a number of soft locks at the moor.
Re-ordered the actions of the moor to match the forest.
Fixed a bug that caused picking garlic to break your plots.
Fixed an error found when loading a preset.
Fixed an error found on the moor.
Fixed an error found when your collar is noticed on the street.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following fixes:
The player characters can no longer headbutt in consensual encounters.
Fixed an error found in the fox clothes thievery event.
Fixed a softlocked caused by a fox appearing in the moor.
Fixed an NPC error in the arcade cabinet event.
Fixed an error and soft lock found when encountering the wolf pair in the forest.
Fixed a beast error in the cream event.
The dog during the English class event should no longer be referred to as a 0.
The dog that appears during Whitney's event should no longer be referred to as a 0.


0.2.22.0
Added the moor.
Landry's black box mission will sometimes send you to a different area.
You can now ask NPCs to leave your top on during encounters.
Winter is searching for four additional antiques.
Reworked the characteristics and social overlays, improving the layout, and improving the code under the hood. Thanks to RedStar.
Every beast scene in the game should now refer to monsterboys/girls when available, instead of only once an encounter starts. 9 events were adjusted by Fangi. 53 were adjusted by PurityGuy, plus more wolf events in the forest, and others.
Added a strange cabinet to the arcade, which can only be seen by hallucinating characters. Written by Fangi and PurityGuy.
Added a small event to the orphanage. Written by Porcuspine and PurityGuy.
Positive fame can now influence the hooded figure street event. Written by YetAnotherUser and PurityGuy.
Added an icon for the flower crown. Art courtesy of KG, and coded by PurityGuy.
Added a pair of ice skates to the clothing shop. Art courtesy of KG, and coded by PurityGuy.
Female NPCs can now sit on the PC's face, potentially suffocating the PC if angry. Thanks to ndarkflame.
Added a new pass out scene variant that can trigger at school. Thanks to ndarkflame.
Added unique encounter dialogue for wolfboys/girls. Written by Fangi and coded by PurityGuy.
Improved the code behind the clickable map, fixing some issues and making it more expandable in the future. Thanks to RedStar.
Added long boots, scout shorts, scout shirt, soccer shorts, soccer shirt, and jockstrap to the clothing shop. Art courtesy of namelessone.
Adjusted the small sailor hat, sailor shirt, and short sailor shirt. Thanks to namelessone.
The clothing selection box for hiding clothes will now select an initial item, and will not appear at all if no items are available. Thanks to PubNut.
You now need to tap the back button twice to close the app on Android, which should help prevent accidental closes. Thanks to PubNut.
Added icons for arm warmers, lace arm warmers, fingerless gloves, swimming goggles, diving suit, flippers, heeled boots, platform heels, micro pleated skirt, and tie-front top. Art courtesy of ΩMEGA.
Thanks to ndarkflame for minor code improvements.
Added the "Not Like the Movies", "Slippery", "Wet and Ruined" and "Buried Treasure" feats.

Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following additions and improvements:
Adjusted kissing in encounters, so that it's possible to prevent your first kiss being stolen.
Fertiliser can now be stolen from the docks, which lets you boost the quality of farm plots.
Added the quick start tab to the game's start, letting you pick from a selection of settings presets.
Added the green thumb background. Can be earned mid-game by finding all seeds and using enough fertiliser. Fixing up Alex's farm reduces the fertiliser requirement.
Adjusted background traits in the cheat menu.
Added the Curious Attire feat, and a related feat boost.
Improved the feats UI to shorten the page.
Fixed an issue with CSS on Safari devices.
Expanded the option for a lighter background to the combat sprite, and improved its settings.
Improved the settings importer/exporter.
Added settings presets to the start of the game.
Added feat unlock explanation to the feat overlay.
Added tentacle combat defaults, though some moves aren't included.
The game will now autosave when sleeping at the Hotel with Avery.
Code improvements.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following additions and improvements:
You can now headbutt NPCs who kiss or attempt to kiss you. Inflicts pain on both the NPC and PC.
Added the "Horns" trait for demon and cow player characters. Demon horns inflict twice the damage. Cow horns prevent damage to the PC. Hellcow headbutts are something to be feared.
Cow and cat player characters now have unique options in the tentacle plains.
Reimplemented the old idle facial expressions and hair animations for the combat sprites. Made new assets to fill in for the missionary position.
Robin will now pay their protector each week.
Improved the way Robin's money is tracked.
Added the swim shirt to the clothing shop. It is school-appropriate, conceals breasts, and has art for the doggy and missionary sprites.
Kylar's intrduction now differs slightly depending on the PC's body size. Tiny characters are shorter than them.
Disabling beasts now replaces them with monster people.
The black wolf can now be set to "Always a monster boy or girl."
Renamed some feats.
Reworked some text in the social and statistics overlays, should beasts be disabled.
Modified the beast events at the farm to take advantage of code improvements.
Code improvements that should make development easier.

Thanks to Sommar for the following additions and improvements:
A cosmetics shop has opened on the second floor of the shopping centre, selling makeup and hair dyes.
You can apply makeup at the mirror in the orphanage, boosting femininity, attractiveness, and allure. Makeup washes away when submerged in water.
Eyebrows and pubes can now be dyed separately.
Added contact lenses. The hospital pharmacy sells them.
The sidebar sprite now occasionally blinks.
NPCs will now sometimes pull aside certain underwear to access your groin, instead of always pulling them down.
Buying penis pills at the hospital may now attract attention from a nurse, potentially leading to an encounter.
Improved the text descriptions of pale and light-coloured clothes.
Added the ashy blonde natural hair colour, and the neon blue, toxic green, blood orange, and bright purple hair dyes.
The player character no longer frowns when shaving at the mirror.
The close up vagina images now change a little when the PC is aroused.
Added the "Bermuda Triangle" pubic hair style.
You can now choose to have freckles at character creation.
Adjusted pubic hair to match the game's pixel resolution, and the PC's hair colour.
Added choking to consensual encounters. The PC can now ask to be choked.
Added Asphyxiation options to the Settings page, allowing choking to be restricted or disabled.
Added the Asphyxiophilia trait, which increases arousal gained as oxygen drops.
Improvements to the sidebar sprite to pave the way for future improvements.
Improvements to the code responsible for close up images.

Balance changes
Reduced the pain caused by certain small replacement events that can appear if beasts are disabled. Those events now also indicate that they cause pain.
There will now always be at least two useful containers at the docks. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Reduced the default minimum penis size. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Avery will now try to pick the player character up from school more often. They will now always pick them up on Mondays after a small amount of love is gained. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Avery is now less likely to scare delinquent player characters. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Panties now become soaked by lewd fluid more easily. Thanks to Sommar.
Experiencing multiple orgasms during consensual encounters or while influenced by aphrodisiacs can now apply the drunkenness effect to the PC. Thanks to Sommar.
The PC now suffocates faster while being choked in combat. Thanks to Sommar.
The PC can no longer speak while being choked. Thanks to Sommar.
The PC can now briefly pass out mid-encounter when strangled. Thanks to Sommar.
Slightly reduced the impact from working out on butt size. Thanks to braymann.
Increased the stress reduced by touching the green gem in the museum.
Arm sleeves now have an appropriate impact on allure.
Beasts and monsters now default to 80% male.
Monsters now have a 50% chance to appear by default, but still require hallucinations.
Passing out in or near the farmlands no longer risks sending the PC straight to cow jail.

Bug Fixes
Escaping the hospital basement via water will now take the PC to the storm drains, rather than the sea.
Fixed a bug that prevented the bee encounter from working as intended.
Fixed some Whitney gender confusion during their Halloween sequence.
Another event should no longer trigger immediately after meeting a deer in the forest.
Fixed an error found after meeting Mason at the pond near the lake.
Kissing Kylar in a school cupboard will now take your first kiss.
Fixed an error found after bumping into someone carrying a package on the street.
Fixed a bug that could prevent bra images from displaying properly in the missionary position. Thanks to Sommar.
Fixed an issue with pubic hair rendering. Thanks to Sommar.
The success chance of passing a dark crack in the cave should no longer become negative.
Taking Robin's hands in your own when accepting their confession will now take your handholding virginity.
Fixed an error message found when entering the school pool.
Fixed an error found when entering the tanning salon.
Avery should now take handholding virginity in a few more spots.
Increased the likelihood that NPCs will try to initiate oral. Thanks to ndarkflame.
Kissing another student in front of Leighton at the brothel will now take your first kiss.
Fixed a bug that prevented lurkers and similar creatures from properly taking virginities.
Being held by the hand when Whitney drags you from the pub will now take your handholding virginity.
Fixed a number of arousal boosts that were having an insignifcant effect on arousal.
Fixed a bug that cause Leighton to be referred to as "he" regardless of their actual gender. Thanks to ndarkflame.
The nun/monk you can spy on at the soup kitchen will no longer be showering with soup.

Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes:
Reworked clothing colour, fixing some issues.
Fixed an issue with some tops and their interaction with breasts.
Fixed an issue with textboxes.
Twisting your ankle will no be correctly marked as a + + + Pain event.
Added missing settings to the settings exporter/importer.
Fixed an issue with named NPC breast size.
Fixed an issue with the tentacle chest action.
Dancing with Avery will now take your handholding virginity when appropriate.
Fixed an event in the forest that would trigger another event right after.
Fixed an issue with custom colours.
NPCs will no longer insert a finger into an orifice after being convinced not to penetrate.
Fixed an issue that stopped the game accurately determining how many Avery dates the PC has been on.
Fixed an issue with clit and penis parasites involving chastity.
Performance improvements.
Other minor fixes.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following fixes:
Fixed broken images found when wearing ankle socks in the missionary position, and lace arm warmers in the doggy position.
Fixed a line break issue at the asylum.
Fixed a bug that prevented orphans with high hope reacting appropriately to the PC's return.
The player character's semen will no longer teleport into Robin's womb or bowels when Robin helps the player finish.
The player will now be properly informed if Robin didn't tell the player of their debt when they go misisng.
The player character no longer has infinite semen when milking themselves at the farm.
"NPC Dominance" should no longer appear instead of "Robin's Confidence" or "Whitney's Dominance."
Fixed some gender confusion at the asylum.
Improved the new clothing code.
Fixed incorrect grammar when referring to the loincloth.
Fixed a bug that prevented the wolf transformation from influencing an event at Remy's farm.
Fixed a bug that prevented custom colours working in the doggy position.
The player character will no longer appear to be crying in combat once they start moving.
Fixed an issue with bodywriting and tattoos overlapping legwear in combat.
Fixed a pronoun issue with Avery.
Avery should no longer lose love instead of gaining it when you take their hand during the chef event.
Fixed an error found during Avery's hotel date.
Avery will no longer pick the player up from school at 3 in the morning.
Robin will no longer hide from the rain on day 0, and will no longer attempt to show up on the ninth day of the week.
Fixed a missing image error for the ankle socks.
Fixed a double link found when walking into swim class naked.
Fixed an issue foudn when begging for clothes on Domus Street.
Typo fixes.

Thanks to braymann for the following fixes:
Renamed bottom pills to something clearer.
Fixed an error found when choosing to get dressed.
Giving a boobjob will now mention how skilfully you perform.
The option to keep cuddling Eden now correctly indicates that it increases their love.
Whitney will no longer hang around the school gate once the player characters has already encountered them there that day.
Fixed a bug that caused pajama outfits to get deleted from your list of outfits instead of getting worn when going to bed.
Fixed a bug that allowed working an extra hour at the spa after it closes.
Butt reduction from working out is now determined by the effectiveness of each workout, not just the total number of workouts.
Police will no longer try to remove your "naked" when searching a PC. with a chastity belt.
You will now put your clothes back on after escaping rapists at the beach party.
You can no longer gain sexual fame or have your anal parasites fertilised by reading Raul and Janet in the library.
Automatic Rebuy will no longer buy the clothes Janet was wearing in the book.
Virginities taken by the tutorial npc will now show as being taken by "Tutorial Woman" if they were, in fact, a woman.



0.2.21.5
Made a change that should allow chrome to translate the game into other languages.

Balance Changes
Avery's crime scare now requires Avery's rage to be revealed. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Avery's crime scare will no longer repeat until the player gains a significant amount of crime again. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Adjusted Avery's attitude. Thanks to PurityGuy.

Bug Fixes
Male PCs should no longer be described as having a pussy during the machine show at the brothel.
Fixed several errors that could appear when examining cargo at the docks.
Added an escape for those trapped in Robin's chocolate.
Fixed a softlock found at the asylum.
Fixed an bug that caused clothing icons to display as the wrong colour.

Thanks to PurityGuy For the following fixes:
Fixed a number of errors related to clothing, including some that could break the sidebar sprite.
Centaur should now be properly referred to in the plural sense.
Fixed a few missing image errs.
Clothing with a "pale-" colour should now show their correct icon colour or shop preview colour.


0.2.21.4
Fixed a softlock at Alex's farm.


0.2.21.3
Adjusted alternative clothing colour text. Thanks to Sommar.
Added alternative text when the PC orgasms with a slime in both ears. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.

Bug Fixes
The dance studio will no longer appear to take dollars.
Kissing Robin when accepting their love will now grant the First Kiss feat.
Fixed some Avery gender confusion.
Gym socks will no longer be blindingly white during encounters.
The bullied student at the lake can now be remembered as your first kiss.
Holding Robin's hand while walking home from school will now take your handholding virginity.
Fixed a bug that caused the PC to slip their hands beneath any clothes, or behind their penis, when covering their exposure.
Fixed some broken images found during encounters.
The player will no longer gasp twice during moan vocalizations towards wolves. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Snow will no longer be referred to as rain when tending the farm. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Thanks to PurityGuy for typo fixes.

Thanks to braymann for the following fixes:
Fixed a typo found when picking fruit at the temple gardens.
The option to strip an outfit while dancing will now only appear if you have the required exhibitionism.
The Fully Covered feat will now properly detect when you have the Anal toggle disabled.
Fixed a bug that caused bottom pills to apply an effect without being taken.
The "Oh Bother" feat will now unlock properly.
Mason now has a better understanding of what should/should not be worn to swim class.
Fixed some issues with first kiss virginity.
When dancing, under outfits will now be stripped properly while wearing lower clothing.

Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes:
Handholding and kiss virginity should now be properly taken in more places.
Fixed an issue with clothing colour when your bottoms are destroyed by a stalker on the street.
Fixed some issues found when masturbating with an ear slime.
Minor adjustments to struggle encounters when opening the PC's mouth.
Removed a double link found when milking yourself at the end of the day at Alex's farm.
Fixed an issue with clothing colour.
Fixed a rare issue that could break the save menu.
The PC will no longer consider emptiness valuable in bulk.


0.2.21.2
Fixed an error found when leaving shops.
Fixed a number of errors found in shops. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed an issue that prevented the sidebar stats from being clickable. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed a milking issue at Alex's farm. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.


0.2.21.1
Many adjustments and improvments to the shop filters. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.

Balance Changes
The PC will no longer be so happy for their first kiss to go to a generic NPC.

Bug Fixes
Fixed a bug that prevented clothing descriptions from displaying properly. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed a bug that prevented some neckwear from displaying colours properly. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed a bug that broke the alignment of feat popups. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed a bug that caused the "get dressed" option in several locations to leave you wearing only the clothes you hid there. Thanks to braymann.
Fixed an error found when stealing from the docks at dawn.
Stealing from the docks at dawn should no longer cause those containers to remain empty during the following night.
Being kissed by Robin after a romantic movie can now be tracked as your first kiss.
Fixed a soft lock found at Alex's farm.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following fixes:
Fixed an error message found after wolf encounters.
Fixed an error found when stealing at the docks.
Fixed a soft lock at the docks.
Fixed some issues with neck item layering.
Classic under bottoms should no longer appear washed out in some colours.
Fixed a bug that caused the PC to accept Avery's champagne offer even when selecting "Decline".
Weraing lingerie will no longer force the player to be defiant during Avery's hotel date.


0.2.21.0
The docks can now be broken into at night. Working there by day can reveal useful information. Requires C skulduggery.
Added a third Avery date location, a lavish hotel where the player character can spend the night. Exhibitionist characters will be able to get more endearment from this event. Written by Mewsic Box and PurityGuy.
Avery can now pick the player up from school. The probability is determined by Avery's love and the weather. Written by Burnt Toast and PurityGuy.
Avery may now try to scare the PC straight if they have a high crime value. Written by Burnt Toast and PurityGuy.
You can now ice skate on the frozen lake. Additional events can trigger if you're not alone.
Mushrooms and flowers encountered in the forest can now be picked and sold on Connudatus Street.
Fruit now grows in the forest, and can also be picked and sold.
Added giant bees to the deep forest. Those with high tending skill can attempt to steal valuable honeycomb.
Mason now swims in the frozen lake on snowy days.
Added more tribadism options to encounters.
The police's opinion of you displayed in the Social overlay will now note whether the police have enough evidence for an arrest.
Added the "Wild plants picked" stat to the Statistics overlay.
Combat sprites for clothes that lack colour options should now appear as a more appropriate colour, rather than always red.
Added a filter to the clothing shops, allowing only clothes with certain traits or for a specific gender to be shown. Thanks to BackgroundBoy.
Added a bunch more events to the asylum, expanding an existing storyline. Thanks to bsin.
Made asylum flavour text more responsive to the PC's status with other inmates. Thanks to bsin.
Added new asylum "treatments" that become more likely if the PC is unpopular with staff. Thanks to bsin.
Added basic pubic hair for male PC's. Thanks to Sommar.
Added the cloth choker, suspenders, arm sleeves, arm warmers, lace arm warmers and ankle socks to the clothing shop. Thanks to Sommar.
Improvements to the code responsible for displaying hand clothes on the sidebar. Thanks to Sommar.
Added the option to buy bottom pills from the pharmacy, and adjusted bottom growth to work with the pill system. Thanks to braymann.
Added the "In Red Light", "Oh Bother" and "Employee Benefits" feats.
Updated to SugarCube version 2.33.4. Thanks to 00c356, Lollipop Scythe and aimozg.

Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following additions and improvements:
Added the "First Kiss" feat.
Losing a virginity during the tutorial encounter will now be marked as such in the Statistics overlay.
Ear slimes can now take control during the forest pitcher event.
The PC's first kiss, and their handholding virginity, are now tracked, and are viewable in the Statistics overlay.
Added new Christmas gift options for Robin, and improved existing code.
Added a small Robin dressing scene at Christmas that depends on the gift they receive.
Ear slimes may now try to force nudity on the PC while working at Alex's farm.
Added a small Alex event that allows PC milking during the day after getting caught.
General save system code improvements that should boost performance.
Minor code improvements.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following additions and improvements:
Robin's first meeting can now trigger on day 0 at the shopping centre late in the day, at their lemonade/hot chocolate stand, or in the school canteen during lunch.
Deleting saves now asks for confirmation by default.
The "Game Settings" tab now has subsections for Human NPC and Beast Settings, making it neater.
Made other adjustments to the settings page UI to improve clarity.
The player will now receive a notification when they are able to choose a second love interest, or are no longer able to.
The Attitudes menu will display as a gold link when a new option is available to the player.
The "Flaunt" option now require the full demon transformation to select, but becomes visible after the player gets any transformation.
Reworded the exhibitionist attitudes to improve clarity.
The player can now strip any article of clothing or accessory at locations such as the wolf cave, lake, and pool. They now have drop-down menus for strip options.
Added a new icon for the gothic gown.
Added an icon for the forest shop, art Courtesy of Timko.
Old versions of clothing, such as the original sundress, are now available at the forest shop.
Added sections for under tops and under outfits to the forest shop.
Added icons for classic clothing.
Added clothing category icons to the forest shop.

Balance Changes
Adjusted ear slime event cooldown timers to take more factors, such as the presence of a second ear slime, into account. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Increased the requirement for the "My Collection of Feats" feat. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
The impact of alcohol on fatigue no longer worses as you become more drunk.
Finding valuables in the forest no longer depends on allure. Searching now increases the chance of finding items.
The dress shirt can now be worn at school, and has different colour options. Thanks to Sommar.
The necktie is now considered less feminine. Thanks to Sommar.
The attitudes menu can now be accessed from the wolf cave.
Increased the impact of NPC trust on whether they agree to pay after reading an advertisement written on the PC.
Adjusted the warmth rating on clothes, mostly reducing or removing the warmth rating on accessories.
The Robin hospital scene will now remain available until you choose it.

Bug Fixes
Fixed a bug that enabled a level 2 exhibitionist act while dancing with a lower than intended exhibitionism stat.
Fixed some grammar issues with the PC's Characteristics description.
Fixed a broken link found after helping Robin set up their hot chocolate stand.
Fixed some NPC body part issues during bus encounters.
The police strip event should now properly take under tops into account.
Plant clothes should now always appear green.
The cable knit turtleneck now has colour options.
Fixed a bug that stopped NPCs commenting on a crossdressing PC's breasts.
Fixed a bug that gave drunkenness an inconsistent impact on fatigue.
The bartering system should now handle the sale of individual items a bit better.
Angry NPCs will no longer skip a step when initiating tribadism.
Fixed an error found after Whitney asks the PC to show their underwear, or prove their lack of it, in maths class.
Fixed an error found after visiting Robin's bedroom on Halloween.
Fixed a bug that allowed stripping on the dance floor without appropriate exhibitionism.
Fixed a bug that would mix up flowers at your stall.
Non-existent clothes will no longer snag when jumping out the way of the speeding car.
Fixed a broken image that would appear in encounters while wearing mittens.
Fixed issues with the icons for dress shirts and neckties. Thanks to Sommar.
Fixed an issue with the dress shirt's sidebar art. Thanks to Sommar.
Fixed a bug that prevented pale clothing colours appearing properly on the encounter sprites. Thanks to Sommar.
Fixed a bug that prevented creatures attached to the PC's chest becoming satisfied, causing encounters to drag on until defiant options are selected. Thanks to KamiKaza404.
Fixed a bug that stopped Robin thanking the player for crossdressing as well on Halloween. Thanks to PurityGuy and braymann.
Fixed a bug that caused swimwear to remain equipped when getting dressed after swimming. Thanks to braymann.
Fixed a bug that prevented the "dress as you were" option when waking from re-equipping items that are part of your sleep set. Thanks to braymann.
"Defiant whelp" bodywriting now counts as a combat line. Thanks to Fangi.
Fixed an issue with a couple of beast bodywriting lines. Thanks to Fangi.
Fixed a bug found when adding multiple parasites to the fish tank or pond at a time. Thanks to braymann.
You can now wear the diving suit to swimming class without needing to wear swimwear beneath it. Thanks to braymann.
The lewd options at the flower stall and the option to grind against the gearstick while hitchhiking now require the correct amount of prmoiscuity. Thanks to braymann.
The number beside the "New Best Friend" feat boost wlil no longer increase when putting points into the "New Life" boost. Thanks to braymann.
Fixed a few errors where the game tries to find clothing images that don't exist. Thanks to braymann.
Thanks to KamiKaza404 and bsin for typo fixes.
Thanks to bsin for minor code improvements.

Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes.
Fixed an issue that could cause flickering sidebar images on Webkit backed browsers. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed some issues found when attending swimming lessons nude. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed a bug found when pulling away from an NPC's breasts. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed a bug that could prevent xrays displaying. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed a bug that prevented hand items being put back on. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed a bug that allowed the use of pepper spray during consensual struggle encounters. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed an issue with NPC code on old saves. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.

Thanks to PurityGuy for the following fixes:
Fixed an NPC breaking free during Briar's gloryhole punishment.
Fixed a bug that caused the tentacle that appears on the town's streets being referred to as a "0" after combat.
Fixed a softlock at Robin's hot chocolate stand.
The ice on the lake is now 50% less serene during non-snowy winter weather.
Removed a duplicated widget.
Fixed a pronoun error found during one of the underground farm's riding events.
Various Avery scene fixes.
The PC will no longer be interrupted when changing into swimwear.
Fixed an issue with the alley icon.
Minor code improvements and typos.



0.2.20.3
Fixed an error found during the Domus Street modeling event attack.
Fixed an issue with Robin's pronouns when helping them at their hot chocolate stand.
Fixed a bug that would temporary unthaw the lake during winter.
You can now leave the lake ice during winter when exposed even if your school colleagues are present.
Fixed an error found when attacked by delinquents at Robin's hot chocolate stand.
Fixed a bug that hid one of the PC's socks during encounters.
Beating up a rival for Whitney's affections and encouraging Whitney's bullying will no longer cause more detention and delinquency than intended.
Thanks to YetAnotherDeviant for fixing a few typos.
Fixed a bug that broke some footwear icons on Linux.
Helping Robin set up their hot chocolate stand will no longer teleport you to the beach.
Fixed a bug found when chasing the clothes thief at the spa.
Stripping your top or outfit while dancing will now take the presence of under tops into account.
Fixed a number of issues found when strip dancing while wearing an under outfit, such as a leotard.
The school pool will no longer freeze you in winter.
Fixed a bug that prevented the straightjacket breaking during encounters, which could lead to softlocks.
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes:
Fixed a problem with the hand clothing slot on new saves.
Actions during struggle encounters now reset for the relevant body parts when a creature is removed.
Fixed an error and missing location and weather images at the compound
Fixed an error in the cheat menu.
Fixed an error found during struggle encounters.
Fixed an error in the sidebar tips.
Fixed a bug that caused breast images for clothes to always be filtered in the character viewer.

0.2.20.2
The temple now uses the Wolf Street icon.
Added snowy location images to the orphanage, beach, compound, and asylum. Thanks to Mochi.
Thanks to bsin for the following additions and improvements:
Added many new events to the asylum.
Adjusted existing asylum events.
Added a lot of dialogue to the asylum's social scene. Some gives hints and insight, some is just crazy.
Exercising in a straight-jacket is now suitably tricky, especially for the clumsy.
Make requesting towels more reactive, especially when mistrusted by staff.

Balance changes:
Toned down the impact of previous arousal gained on vaginal wetness.

Bug Fixes:
You should no longer be left naked by an asylum attendant when released from your straight-jacket, despite the text claiming otherwise. Thanks to bsin.
The PC should now uncover themselves properly while shaving. Thanks to Sommar.
Fixed a softlock found at the cafe.
Fixed an error found when refusing Kylar in the canteen.
Using the milking machine on yourself at Alex's farm will no longer describe you removing your bottoms instead of your top.
Alex will no longer tend to the gay field.
Fixed a bug that broke the spa receptionist when using the tanning salon.
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes:
Fixed an error found during encounters with female NPCs.
Fixed an issue with sepia not being included with custom colors when buying directly from the shops.
Fixed an error message and broken images found when visiting the spa at dawn.
Fixed an encoding issue with the text only map and £ symbol.
Fixed a bug preventing clothes updating for saves made in 0.2.20.0.

0.2.20.1
Added mittens to the clothing shop.
Made warmth and chilliness ratings less opaque at the wardrobe and clothing shops.
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following additions and improvements:
Added mechanics for consensual lurkers.
Added new options for struggle encounters.
Prevented the ability for lurkers to impregnate while looking like a squid or other creature.
Added new parasitic pregnancy types to the cheat menu.
Added a consensual option to the lurker events at Alex's farm.

Balance Changes
Increased the warmth rating required for warm and hot temperatures.
Increased the chilliness required to be considered cold.
Reduced the warmth rating of hats and shoes.

Bug Fixes
Fixed a number of errors found when interacting with Robin, at Remy's farm, and during tentacle encounters.
Fixed an error found when witnessing an orphan giving a gift to another.
The NPC who finds you tied up in the cave should now generate properly.
Lurkers and similar creatures will no longer increment the tentacle stat.
Replaced white and yellow garter stockings colour options with pale-white and pale-yellow.
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes:
Fixed some errors found when resting at the farm.
Fixed a feat boost error.
Fixed an error found when your top is ripped off in the cave.
Fixed a bug that made the PC overly comfortable with nudity after shaving.

0.2.20.0
Winter now descends as the end of the year approaches, bringing snow.
Robin will move their stand to the park during winter, and sell hot chocolate instead of lemonade.
The lake freezes over during winter. The ice in the centre is thin, and swimming to the ruins remains possible, though more dangerous.
Added temperature. Outdoor temperature depends on the season, time of day, and weather. Interiors are always a comfortable temperature.
Clothes now have a warmth rating. Wardrobes and clothing shops will indicate if your clothes are suitable for the current climate. Clothes stop providing warmth if they become too wet.
Being chilly or cold increases the impact of + Stress effects, and stresses you over time. Being cold has a greater impact.
Being warm or hot fatigues you faster. Being hot has a greater impact.
Water ignores the normal warmth from clothing, and becomes very cold during winter. The sea and certain underground pools remain a comfortable temperature however.
Added flippers, swimming goggles, and a diving suit, which keep you warm in cold water. Art courtesy of namelessone.
Added images to represent snowy weather, and lighter overcast clouds for winter. Art courtesy of Anon.
Added snowy location images for the arcade, temple, strip club, brothel, wolf cave, shopping centre, school, police station, docks, hospital, dance studio, eden's cabin, and forest shop. Thanks to Golden Skullky.
Adjusted the arcade location images. Thanks to Golden Skullky.
Tanning in the sun is now less effective in the winter months, but more effective in summer.
Added a tanning salon to the spa, allowing a tan to be maintained at any time of year.
Added a simple orphanage event to indicate the arrival of winter.
The characteristics overlay now displays the current season.
Expanded tribadism mechanics and flavour text during human and beast/monster encounters.
The orphanage now celebrates Christmas. You can now buy and wrap gifts for Robin and the orphans during the preceeding week. Written in collaboration with Harcher and Fangi, with an addition from PurityGuy.
Added icons for the alleyways, arcade, dance studio, Doren's flat, public toilets and changing rooms, the headmaster's office, museum, orphanage, the road leading from town, school, soup kitchen, spa, and strip club. Thanks to Anon.
The industrial alleyways now have unique location art, and the residential and commercial alleyway locations are now impacted by blood moons. Thanks to Mewsic Box.
Added more bad outcomes to the life-modelling event. Thanks to bsin.
Added some flavor-text to life-modelling good/bad events. Thanks to bsin.
Added a new image for the gothic gown. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Female PCs can now grow pubic hair, and shave it in the bathroom. Thanks to number361 for the original code and art, and to Sommar for getting it game-ready, and further improvements. It can be enabled in Settings.
Added the iOS guide to the  Detailed Installation Guide, and improved the formatting. Thanks to Fangi.
The chest wrap can now flatten the sidebar sprite's breasts.
Eel swarms now appear as fish in the encounter sprite instead of slimes.
Made some small performance improvements.
Thanks to Klorpa for a legion of minor code improvements.
Added the "Flurry", "Under the Ice" and "A Festive Home" feats.

Thanks to Sommar for the following additions and improvements:
Added frayed, torn and tattered images for the long school skirt and tube top.
The mesh shirt now has its own encounter art.
Text now differentiates between water and your bodily fluids when your panties get soaked.
Added category icons to the clothing shop.
Added tube top images to the encounter sprite. The towel top also uses these images.
Added a necktie to the clothing shop. The image adjusts when matched with a dress shirt.
Added white, black and pink colour options to the dress shirt.
Replaced white, yellow and tangerine colour options with pale-white, pale-yellow and pale-tangerine for some underwear.

Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following additions and improvements:
Expanded the parasitic pregnancy system to cover lurkers, giant wasps, and other similarly sized creatures, allowing them to anally deposit their spawn. Lurkers can also deposit them orally.
Added a clothing slot for the PC's hands.
Added fingerless gloves, designed by KG and coded by Lollipop Scythe.
Added default clothing control to clothing shops, splitting more cluttered categories into multiple pages.
Converted the shop item image preview to the most recent clothing change.
Enlarged the preview image in clothing shops.
Added athletic options to the coastal path, allowing faster travel for athletic characters if the weather's good.
Added the option to relax alone at Alex's farm.

Balance Changes
Tentacles can now be exhausted by fucking penises.
Multiple failed attempts at breaching a chastity device will now hurt smaller creatures, forcing them away from you.
Rebalanced vaginal wetness, making it easier to become and remain wet. Thanks to Sommar.
Underwear now dries faster in the air if not covered by another lair of clothing. Thanks to Sommar.
Bad events are now slightly more likely during the life-modelling event. Thanks to bsin.
Female NPCs no longer need to be at least a little agitated before attempting to scissor the PC.
Tribadism now causes juices to mingle should both parties be sufficiently wet, reducing purity.
Increased the rate willpower grows.
Raising high level school skills is now less reliant on studying while wearing glasses and/or exposed.
School stars now provide a boost at the end of the day, instead of magnifying the effect of regular + Skill effects.
Raised the understanding gained toward school skills from regular + Skill effects.
Understanding no longer decays during school holidays.

Bug Fixes
Fixed a bug that could break the social Overlay, the cheat menu, and prevent the Black Wolf, Quinn, Niki, Remy and Alex working properly on old saves.
Weather and location images should no longer take an extra turn to update the time of day they represent in some spots.
Fixed a bug with the ass close-ups while in a missionary position.
Fixed an error found when starting the machine show at the brothel.
Fixed a bug that cause the "You receive a tip" text to appear multiple times after serving Darryl while bartending.
Fixed an error found after passing out and being returned to your cell by Remy.
Fixed a broken image found when examining the mummy skirt at Gwylan's shop.
The sepia bar at the clothing shop's custom colour selection should now stay within the box.
The stall UI will no longer indicate that you have a single item to sell when you're out of stock.
Fixed a bug that broke plant clothes at the meadow if the PC was wearing underwear.
Fixed a bug that caused the game to track hours incorrectly, causing problems with the timing of school exams and events at the school changing rooms.
Alex should no longer be described with the wrong pronouns after witnessing the PC's deviancy.
Ignoring NPCs who stare at your chest in the park will no longer cause the wrong location icon to load.
Robin should no longer be referred to with Kylar's pronouns after refusing to kiss Kylar in the canteen.
Slug and wasp toggles should no longer be undefined on games saved during 0.2.19.1.
Fixed an error found when a struggling against a creature intent on your penis.
Cumming outside an encounter should no longer cause NPCs in the next encounter to act like they just witnessed it.
Fixed an alignment with the missionary sprite when giving a footjob in heels.
Fixed another bug that caused Whitney to grow a vagina during maths exams.
Fixed a bug that made the orgasm addict trait reduce the impact of - Arousal effects.
Fixed a bug that gave the orgasm addict trait a stronger effect on arousal than intended.
Letting Whitney give you a parasite will no longer be marked as a submissive-only action.
Fixed an error found at the end of tentacle encounters when listboxes are enabled.
Struggle creatures should no longer get stuck trying to pierce a chastity belt or straightjacket.
You ass will no longer be described as plump when it is, in fact, round.
Legwear should now display properly during beast encounters when in the missionary position.
NPC hands can no longer phase through your under top when playing with your breasts.
Fixed a bug causing beasts/monsters to be referred to with the wrong pronoun.
Fixed a bug that resulted in a grammatical error on the Characteristics overlay.
School stars should now be obtainable during school holidays.
Fixed an error found when asking River for help with the maths competition at the soup kitchen.
Being grabbed by the security machine at the compound will now raise the alarm level.
Fixed an error found when being photographed while flashing in the cafe.
Normal events should no longer be able to trigger at the orphanage between 6 and 7 am while the PC is exposed.
Fixed some confused pronouns found when meeting bullies on the town's streest. Thanks to bsin.
Some attackers will no longer always be male during the life-modelling event. Thanks to bsin.
Fixed an image error found when wearing a bra with small breasts. Thanks to Sommar.
Fixed a bug that prevented the missionary sprite blushing appropriately. Thanks to Sommar. 
Fixed bork code within the PC's genital text. Thanks to Sommar.
Adjusted the beanie sidebar image. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Fixed a bug that prevented a successful move away from an NPCs nipple from applying properly. Thanks to ndarkflame.
Having your underwear exposed while playing volleyball will now correctly indicate an increase in status, should the PC be comfortable enough to laugh. Thanks to braymann.
Fixed a bug that caused rogue beast penises to appear during encounters, among other problems. Thanks to braymann and Lollipop Scythe.
Having your bindings cut when abducted after passing out in the orphanage will now unbind your arms. Thanks to YetAnotherDeviant.
Improved NPC strapon code. Thanks to bsin.
Thanks to YetAnotherDeviant for numerous typo fixes.

Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes:
Fixed a variable confict with random item sorting.
Fixed the statistics page loading when first accessible.
Fixed a bug with the refresh option in clothing shops.
Added additional checks for breast and sleeve images in clothing shops.
Removed a rogue debug check.
Fixed an image error found when wearing a catgirl bra.
Fixed an error found after ignoring a pervert at the cafe.
The "swim to safety" option should no longer disappear on soft mode. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed a bug that made unavailable actions usable during tentacle encounters.


0.2.19.2
Added slug and wasp toggles to the Settings page.
Undertaking the temple's trial as an initiate now takes an hour.
Thanks to Golden Skullky for minor code improvements.

Bug Fixes
Fixed a soft lock found when running in the park.
Creatures should no longer pierce your "naked" while groping your chest.
The "Enable body-writing images" setting is now enabled by default.
Fixed a bug that broke the starting school grades feat boost.
Giant wasps should now respect the anal toggle.
Fixed a soft lock found when attacked by lurkers at Alex's farm.
Fixed a bug that could cause both arms to be grappled instead of just the right during struggles. Thanks to Rukarin.
Whitney will no longer grow a vagina when giving them a handjob during a maths exam.
Whitney will no longer appear to be impossible to satisfy with said handjob, regardless of your hand skill.
Fixed a bug that caused female centaur to have the wrong genitals at Remy's farm.

0.2.19.1
The mirror now describes the amount of slime and semen covering you separately. Thanks to braymann.

Bug Fixes
Ass and thigh skill will no longer both increase when presented with the options at the spa.
Dozing off while listening to Eden read can no longer grant superhuman wakefulness.
Fixed an error found when finding the leather map that made the "X Marks the Spot" feat unobtainable.
Fixed a soft lock found after leaving the smuggler's pub.
Auto rebuy will now buy a new outfit, rather than just the skirt, if the lower half of an outfit is destroyed. Thanks to braymann.
Fixed an error found after leading a failed attack on the hunters in the forest. Thanks to braymann.
Fixed an issue with parasites. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Being forced to give oral to thicker tentacles should no longer max pain in one turn.
Fixed a bug found when accosted by Harper in the park.

0.2.19.0
Added a secret cave along the coast. Smugglers use it to traffic goods, and other creatures lurk below.
School skills are now increased by passing exams held every Friday.
+ Science and similar effects increase the likelihood of passing the exam. There are other ways to improve your chances, but other factors hurt.
Reaching 200% understanding will increase your skill without an exam on Sunday morning.
Added "Distinctions gained" to the statistics overlay.
Expanded the lurker events at Alex's farm into a new encounter type that covers creatures too big for swarms, but too small for regular beast/monster mechanics.
Added six antiques.
Added a consensual swarm encounter to the rocks near the beach.
Giant wasps now lair in the deep forest.
The squid further out at sea can now be more aggressive.
Larger slimes now lurk the storm drains.
Eden will now read some evenings after letting you off the leash. You can ask them to read to you.
Added another danger to the compound, involving a machine encounter.
Added the lustful and crossdresser traits to the cheat menu.
Added the missing parasites to the cheat menu.
Adjusted tentacle encounter text.
Adjusted the colour of sand text and clothing.
Another event can now trigger when relaxing in the meadow. Written in collaboration with DragonPirate.
Added location images to the spa. Art courtesy of Mochi.
Fish swarms now have their own images. Art courtesy of Mochi.
The gingham dress sidebar images now animate, and change based on damage. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Added the following Feats: Spelunking, X Marks the Spot, Abnormal Mollusc, Leverage, Distinction, Distinctive, and Distinguished.
Thanks to klorpa for minor code improvements.

Balance Changes
Pulling lurkers and similar creatures off your body now has a 100% success rate when your grip is described as "iron", regardless of physique. Physique instead impacts the chance for bonus grippage when strengthening your grip.
The lustful trait can now cause spontaneous orgasms even at high purity.
Maggots now have a small chance of appearing during the brothel swarm show. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Losing your oral virginity to a large tentacle will now longer be quite so devastating.
Harper can now attempt to capture any cow PC running in the park at night, not just those who are exposed.

Bug Fixes
Fixed an error found after declining Robin's help in the garden.
Briar will now mention the sex machine to male NPCs when listing the available shows, should anal be enabled.
Fixed a bug that allowed the PC to suck multiple breasts at once. Thanks to braymann.
Fixed an error found when turning yourself in to the police when giving the option of escaping through the strange hatch.
Fixed an error found when thrown from the landfill following an encounter.
Kylar will now keep the PC's hermaphroditism or crossdressing to themselves.
Bailey should no longer be referred to as the wrong sex after rescuing you from the gang.
Your stomach will no longer growl in protest should you have low hunger when refraining to eat the apples at Remy's farm.
Tube tops are now considered open-topped, showing off your shoulders.
Whitney will no longer push you into the wrong toilets when announcing the new rule.
Stunning an NPC on the street with your exhibitionism will no longer confuse them into thinking it's the middle of the day, when it is in fact the middle of the night.
Avery's introduction will no longer trigger again on subsequent science projects.
Cuddling with Eden will now indicate that it increases their love.
You should now wash your semen off after masturbating in the bath, without needing to bathe another time.
Fixed an error found when cheering for Kylar during his fight against Whitney.
The compound staff will no longer leave your bra intact when stripping you before an interrogation.
Fixed a bug that caused swarms to try to burrow into non-existent bottoms.
Fixed a bug that stopped the tongue image appearing while pressing your butt into someone's face.
Anal shields should now be referred to when being rimmed by a beast/monster.
Married NPCs in the pub, NPCs looking for flowers for their spouse, and widows/widowers on Danube street will now follow the "proportion of same-sex relationships" setting.
Fixed an error found when NPCs interact with certain plants.
Fixed an error found when entering a swarm encounter after a machine encounter.
The option to enter the school pool naked should no longer indicate that it will increase delinquency when the class is swimming nude.
Fixed an error found at the riding school.
Fixed an error found when jumping off a bridge in the park while exposed.
Fixed an error found when assualted after flaunting on the street.
A second event will no longer immediately follow the encounter with the parent on the beach.
Fixed a heel image alignment issue during tentacle encounters.
Fixed a bug that stopped aphrodisiacs increasing arousal outside encounters.
The orgasm addict trait should no longer stop spontaneous orgasms, making the gang scene in Remy's field and associated feat obtainable with the trait.
Navy colour text at the clothing shop should now be highlighted in blue.
Being arrested for indecency and robbing people sleeping on sofas on Danube Street will now increase crime.
Alex will no longer continue to clear the fields once the existing four are usable.
Fixed an error found after Alex saves you from an assailant on their farm.
Fixed a bug that prevented swarm encounters from animating properly.
Adjusted the shield shades.
Praying for salvation should now reduce arousal by the intended amount.
Fixed a bug that caused swarms to burrow into your naked. Thanks to braymann.
The angel and fallen angel transformations should now have the intended impact on arousal on the tentacle plains. Thanks to braymann.
Fixed a bug that could cause too much time to pass while working at the spa. Thanks to Kamikaza404.
Fixed a bug that allowed exercising in the park naked during the day if you were wearing heels. Thansk to Kamikaza404.
Fixed a bug that prevented maggot pregnancies from working. Thanks to braymann and Lollipop Scythe.
Thanks to PurityGuy for adjustments to 91 clothing icons.
Fixed an error found when catching a beast/monster's cock with your thighs or butt during consensual encounters. Thanks to Rukarin.
You can now guide tentacles to your pussy with your feet. Thanks to Kamikaza404.
Initially refusing clients at the spa should no longer result in tips of £0. Thanks to Kamikaza404.
Fixed a syntax error. Thanks to Kamikaza404.
The option to enter the spa at night should now indicate that it takes 2 minutes. Thanks to Kamikaza404.
Fixed a bug that made one of your socks vanish when giving a footjob. Thanks to Kamikaza404.
Thanks to Kamikaza404 for other minor code improvements.
Fixed a bug that made the swept left hairstyle invisible in the character viewer. Thanks to 2ndSnake.
Fixed a bug that made the anal beast ejaculation close up display when it wasn't meant to on the Android version. Thanks to braymann.
Fixed a bug that prevented your butt options from displaying while pressing it against someone's face. Thanks to braymann.
Fixed an error found during machine encounters. Thanks to CasaBlanc.
Thanks to BackgroundBoy for several minor fixes.


0.2.18.2
Added configuration controls to the random clothing option. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Adjusted text formatting during encounters.
Cleaned up promicuous and deviant lines during encounters, particularly when multiple such acts are performed at once.
Added 41 clothing icons, covering the remaining footwear, headwear, neckwear, tops and bottoms. Art courtesy of Anon.

Balance Changes
You can now straddle penises with your ass or pussy while in chastity.

Bug Fixes
Fixed a problem with the Machines disabled stat.
Fixed an alignment issue with the mummy facewrap. Thanks to namelessone.
Fixed an issue with the lederhosen. Thanks to namelessone and Anon.
Fixed an issue found when being vaginally threatened by a human with an audience watching.
The waist apron now has the Serving trait.
Giving a handjob at the spa will no longer act like you're only doing it to meet Bailey's demands your attitude is set otherwise. Thanks to braymann.
Fixed a bug that caused some deviant encounter effects to trigger twice.
Fixed an error found when building the orphanage spring before visiting the flower bed.
The mummy facewrap will now be unlocked on the 21s of October.
Time now passes when you endure having your ass groped in the street.
Fixed an issue with the description of clean pillories.
Fixed a bug that allowed the PC to continue rubbing a penis between their cheeks while disabled.
Restored the Android version icons. Thanks to 00c356.
Beasts and monsters will once again try to fuck the PC's pussy through a chastity belt.
Fixed a bug that could make the polite spa client ignore the same-sex couple slider.
Fixed a bug that prevented orgasms during machine encounters.
Fixed a bug that made beast and monsterboy/girl penises display as sex toys on the close up anal sprite.
Thanks to Golden Skullky for a bunch of minor fixes.
Thanks to Kamikaza404 for fixing a bunch of typos.

0.2.18.1
Fixed a bug that caused a lot of errors, particularly on old saves.
Fixed a bug that prevented female beasts/monstergirls from enveloping the PC's penis with their ass.
Female beasts/monstergirls without a penis will no longer be described as pushing their "none" against your lips.
Being knotted outside the farm should now increment the knot counter in statistics.
Thanks to Golden Skullky for the following fixes:
Fixed a bug that caused school bottoms to be replaced when borrowing a uniform.
Fixed an error found when stripping for Leighton in their office
Fixed an error found when molested in the temple quarters.
Fixed a number of errors found while masturbating.
Fixed a bug that prevented the correct line of text appearing while acting cute as a masseur.
Fixed a number of minor errors and typos.

0.2.18.0
Kylar will now meet you in the park on Halloween night, should their love be high enough. They've a date planned, but someone's watching.
You can now work as a masseur at the spa on Danube Street. The establishment is discerning, and won't hire just anyone.
The dungeon tattoo scene is now an encounter with new mechanics, giving the PC a chance to struggle. Art for the tattoo gun, rails, shackles and chains courtesy of PurityGuy.
Added a sex machine show to the brothel. It must be repaired before it can be used. The vaginal machine art is courtesy of sseshess, and the other art, including close-ups and x-rays, is courtesy of PurityGuy.
Added the number of clients serviced as a masseur and the number of machines disabled to the Statistics overlay.
Added another way to discover the soup kitchen.
The milking machine is now visually represented while the PC is being milked at Remy's or Alex's farm. The breast milking machine art is courtesy of sseshess, and the other art courtesy of PurityGuy.
A table now appears as a prop during some encounters. Courtesy of PurityGuy.
Whitney will now notice if you get close to Kylar, and might interfere should they have high dominance, and spot you eating lunch together. Thanks to Kodi and PurityGuy.
Added a mummy facewrap, mummy top, and mummy skirt to the forest shop, available from the 21st of October. Art courtesy of namelessone.
You can now just throw something together when Robin says you need a Halloween costume before trick-or-treating.
Added new location art for the tentacle world and night monster's lair. Art courtesy of Mochi.
Added new location art for the alleyways. Art courtesy of Mewsic Box.
The orphan who greets you after an extended absence now has a different reaction should hope be low. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Added the Idle Hands, Stolen Technology and Negotiator feats.

Balance Changes
Trick-or-treating with Whitney now takes 90 minutes.
The PC will now always be gifted the silver brooch the first time a rebellious orphan bumps into them.

Bug Fixes
Fixed an error found when Sam checks up on you while making dough.
Fixed a bug that resulted in duplicate text during beast encounters.
Fixed a bug that caused beast orgasm text to reference the PC's chastity belt, even if they weren't wearing one.
The storm drains now use the underground location art.
Milk will no longer be gathered should you lactate into your top.
Turtleneck jumpers no longer disappear when damaged.
Fixed a bug that broke the description of the tentacle on the street, should you engage with it consensually.
Giving a pig a hand while trying to get it back into its sty will now be marked as a deviant action.
Teaching Alex will now increment time.
Fixed a bug that caused Robin, Bailey and Briar to cum multiple times following certain encounters.
Fixed an error found when fighting off the client while Whitney tries to whore you out.
Fixed a bug that caused bikini bottoms to disappear while in the doggy position.
Milking yourself in the barn now indicates that it takes 30 minutes.
Fixed a bug that broke vore encounters if they occurred following an encounter with tentacles.
Fixed a pronoun issue when teasing Robin in the canteen.
Fixed an error that could appear after being recognised for your exhibitionism on the street.
Fixed an error found when another student spills chemicals on their clothes during science class, and another found when Sirris asks a student to strip for an anatomy lesson.
Letting Robin help when tending the orphanage garden will now always indicate the time it will take, and will take 10 minutes as intended.
Fixed a bug that could break the description of named NPCs during encounters.
Masturbating in the bath will no longer leave you messy.
Fixed a bug that prevented Alex's lust from increasing as often as intended.
The intended thirty minutes will now pass when climbing the statue in the park.
Searching for white rose seeds will now pass thirty minutes as advertised.
The harassed nurse at the asylum will now use the victim gender slider.
Waiting for another customer at the brothel basement will now pass time.
Fixed the resolution on the heart choker.
Fixed an error found after being gifted an antique in the orphanage.
Fixed a bug that prevented the maths and science projects from repeating the following year. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Seeing the needle in the underground dungeon will now increase stress and trauma as advertised.
Fixed a bug that could cause the PC to say the wrong lines during beast encounters. Thanks to Kamikaza404.
Fixed a bug that broke the encounter when forced to strip at the landfill. Thanks to Kamikaza404.
Fixed a bug that could lower than maximum number of parasite pets. Thanks to Kamikaza404.
Fixed a bug that prevented a line of masturbation text triggering when it was meant to.
Removed a repeat line found when a flat-chested NPC pushes your mouth against their nipple.
You will no longer strip your naked when Leighton searches you for drugs.
The cow you meet on the road to the farmlands will no longer transform between screens.
Fixed a bug that made the game refer to River as "nipples" or similar term following the maths class gangbang.
Fixed a bug that gave horses and centaur a second, smaller penis visually.
Fixed a bug that caused the game to refer to the wrong NPC during encounters with named NPCs. Thanks to braymann.
Fixed a bug that broke the helpful and showboating options at the dance studio.
Harper will no longer be able to phase through the chastity belt when examining you at Remy's farm.
Fixed an error found when speaking to Landry about the police job.
Your skin will no be described as clean when looking in the mirror without being covered in slime or semen. Thanks to Rukarin.
Fixed an error found in Briar's office.
Being forced to strip in the school changing rooms as a hermaphrodite will now properly use your hermaprodite reputation to determine the students' response.
Girls will no longer be able to see through masks while forcing you to strip in the school changing rooms.
Thanks to Kamikaza404 for typo fixes.



0.2.17.5
Fixed a bug that stopped Alex saying goodbye at the end of the day.
Fixed a bug that would prevent Alex from offering a bonus from farm yield.
Fixed a rare bug that could break your money.
Fixed an error found after helping Alex repair the perimeter.
Fixed an error found after witnessing students buy stimulants on Oxford Street.
Fixed an error found after being caught at the school gloryhole.
Fixed an error found after Alex rescues you from assailants in the fields.

0.2.17.4
Fixed an error found when peeking on the boys after replacing their clothes in the school changing rooms.
Fixed an error found when handling your clothes the turn they are destroyed.
Alex will now give you larger bonuses at lower dominance.
Fixed a bug that caused the wrong number to display when receiving bonuses from Alex.
Fixed another error found during the farm intro.
Fixed a bug that caused the tending skill to interact improperly with the stress and tiredness reduction from observing your pets. Thanks to Kamikaza404
Thanks to Kamikaza 404 for fixing a formatting issue, and for fixing typos.
Fixed a soft lock found when dogs are spooked by Remy's goons at Alex's farm.
Fixed an error found after calling Alex for help while feeding the pigs.
Fixed a bug that caused Whitney to react like you're wearing underwear when discovering you aren't during maths class, and vice versa.
Making Alex cum beneath a tree will now award the Alex's Partner feat.
Newly-bought racing silks, racing helmets, and riding helmets now have the costume trait.
Taking charge when Whitney initiates outside the maths classroom will now count as the advertised Promiscuous 1 action.
Newly-bought umbrella hats will no longer be considered masculine.

0.2.17.3
You can now help Alex clear the weeds that strangle the old fields, but can't do it alone.
The padded football shirt, football shorts, gym shirt and gym bloomers are now considered appropriate attire for school.

Bug Fixes
Fixed a soft lock found when herding cattle inside with high dog respect.
Horses will no longer be described as centaur during the farm intro.
Shadbelly coat, chappete breeches, and hunting coat sprites will no longer disappear when damaged.
Milking cattle semen with your mouth will now leave semen in there, and pass time.
Fixed an error found when milking yourself in the barn at midnight.
Fixed errors found after Alex gives you your share of extra yield, after they ogle you across the field, after you help them up from the mud, and after Remy visits.
Fixed a couple of errors found during encounters.
Fixed an error found when stealing drugs from Danube street.
A successful tending roll when tending the plants on Alex's farm will now make the action more effective.
The "horses/centaur need special attention" indicator will no longer appear if the conditions required for the action aren't met.
Fixed a bug that hid the micropleated skirt image when in the missionary position.
Fixed a few errors found during the swarm scene at the brothel.

0.2.17.2
Numbered link navigation is now enabled on Android, and can be disabled via Settings.

Bug Fixes
Eden will no longer forget that they agreed to the PC leaving for up to a week.
Fixed a soft lock found when wearing a skirt to history class with medium exhibitionism.
Fixed an error found when listening to Winter drone.
Cheerleading skirts will no longer disappear when damaged.

0.2.17.1
The cheerleading top and skirt can now be worn to school. Blame Leighton.
The tiredness and stress reduction from observing your pets is now increased by your tending skill. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.

Bug Fixes
The sun will no longer show up to boot you from the barn after sneaking in late at night.
Fixed an error found while chasing a horse. Thanks to 00c356.
Fixed a soft lock found when chasing a horse.
Fixed a soft lock found at the riding school.
Fixed an error that would appear at midnight if you hadn't visted Alex's farm the previous day.
The clothing shop no longer gives out cheerleading skirts for free.
Mason will now load properly when watching the class practise diving. Thanks to 00c356.
Feeding the dogs at the farm will no longer make their respect for you plummet.
Fixed an error found when a horse is startled by a moor beast.
Fixed an error caused by buying groceries for Alex.
Fixed an error found after Alex is harassed by a pig.
Fixed a bug that would give NPCs odd descriptions. Thanks to 00c356.
Fixed a bug that broke the silver star icon on some devices. Thanks to 00c356.
Sirris and your classmates can no longer see through gold chastity belts when undressing during science class. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Remy will no longer know you have a penis if they've never seen it, and it's hidden behind a chastity belt. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Money gained from farm yield will no longer depend on Leighton's dominance.

0.2.17.0
A farm east of town is now hiring.
Added Alex the farmhand to the Social overlay and cheat menu.
A description of what the farm animals think of the PC appears in the Social overlay once the farm job is discovered.
The degree of Remy's encroachment appears in the Social overlay once the farm has developed to a sufficient point.
Added steed, pig, cattle and dog respect to the Social overlay and cheat menu once the farm job is discovered.
Added "Hours worked on a farm" to the Statistics overlay.
"Knotted" now appears in the statistics overlay when the count is above 0 (count only begins with this update.)
Added the "Farmer" trait.
Skulduggerous characters with a reputation for crossdressing at school can now implicate others in the pool changing rooms, distracting from their own crossdressing. Written in collaboration with PurityGuy.
The PC can now make a mistake when greeting friendly NPCs on the town's streets.
Very short skirts now automatically ride up the to doggy sprite's waist during combat. Thanks to Freeman.
Added some variety when the PC's ass or pussy are described. Thanks to Freeman.
You can now rinse your mouth of slime and/or semen at the school toilets. Thanks to Freeman.
Added the option to rinse out your mouth at the park toilets.
Whitney now takes your under top into account when pulling your shirt up to examine your chest. Thanks to Freeman.
The remaining "Cooperate" actions are now more appropriately named during consensual encounters, should the PC be lewd enough. Thanks to larsrand.
Added 57 new icons for clothing, 18 courtesy of TaiwanSmurf and 39 courtesy of PurityGuy. Coded by PurityGuy.
Eden will no longer fire at the PC when meeting them in the forest once the PC has Stockholm syndrome. A handful of short events can trigger instead, depending on the time of day and whether the Eden has agreed to let the PC out. Thanks to Harcher, Fangi, and PurityGuy.
You can now resist Eden when meeting them in forest after staying away from the cabin for longer than agreed. Written in collaboration with Harcher and Fangi.
Adjusted the text and mechanics found when an NPC grabs your throat with both hands.
You can now tease Robin in the school canteen once in a relationship. Thanks to AVeryChillDoctor and PurityGuy.
The move and search carefully options in the forest now indicate that they increase the chance of finding treasure.
Added random colour selection to clothing shops. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Added a big bow, bunny slippers, field boots, paddock boot, riding helmet, racing helmet, racing silks, top hat, umbrella hat, work boots, chapette breeches, cheerleading top, cheerleading skirt, hunting coat, letterman jacket, and shadbelly coat. Art courtesy of KG.
Added a heart choker and ringed collar to the clothing shop. Art courtesy of sillygooseman7.
Added gym bloomers to the clothing shop. Sidebar and doggy art courtesy of Countess. Missionary sprite and shop icon courtesy of PurityGuy.
Added a gym shirt to the clothing shop. Sidebar, doggy and missionary sprites courtesy of Countess.
Added lederhosen, karate jacket, karate trousers, headband, large sailor's hat, small sailor's hat, sailor trousers, sailor shorts, sailor shirt, short sailor shirt, football helmet, and football shorts. Art courtesy of namelessone.
Larger breasts will now show on the school shirt sidebar sprite. Thanks to Countess.
Improved the flavour text for fucking a pussy during consensual encounters as a high promiscuity/deviancy character. Thanks to larsrand.
Thanks to larsrand for code improvements.
Added the I Spy, Alex's Partner, Alex the Robust, A Knot to Remember, Wrong Size, Dawn to Dusk, and Animal Tender feats.

Balance Changes
You can now allow the wind to blow up your skirt on the beach with less exhibitionism if you're wearing something beneath. Thanks to Freeman.
The PC will now dress in a more masculine way when grabbing towels to enter the boy's changing room. Thanks to Freeman.
Drinking milk from an NPC's breast now helps satisfy hunger when deprived on food on the farm.
Air will no longer deplete twice as fast if an NPC strangles you with both hands.
Athletics now rises faster when exposed.
The wine cellar on Danube Street is now harder to break into.
Increased the stress and tiredness reduction when visiting your pets in the fish tank. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
School status will decrease faster when status is low.

Bug Fixes
You can now enter the meadow while exposed.
Robin will now try to take things further if you kiss them after trick-or-treating.
Fixed a rogue NPC freed by escaping down a drain when exposed in the commercial alleyways.
Fixed a bug that prevented the game from acknowledging the NPC that took your oral virginity if the penetration occurred with the PC's help.
Fixed a bug that caused exposing yourself in science class to increase crossdressing fame even if you weren't crossdressing.
Whitney may now be upset should your panties be revealed by a ruler during maths class, after telling you not to wear any. Thanks to Freeman.
Fixed a bug that prevented one of the dog assaults that occur while blindfolded from beginning with the beast already mounting from behind.
NPCs will no longer squirt lube on body parts protected by a chastity device.
NPCs will no longer smother your face with their breasts using their right hand twice on the same turn.
All six NPCs will no longer be able to strangle you at once during group encounters.
Being filmed by a student while naked on Oxford street will now increase crossdresser or hermaphrodite fame as appropriate.
The location image should no longer become the school after the encounter with Bailey in their office.
The "You fix your clothing" message should now display even if the only clothing your character is wearing is an under top.
Attempting a rescue when witnessing an assualt on the street at night, rescuing an NPC from a basement on Domus Street, and being kind to to the NPC who tries to steal a cream bun now increase kindness fame.
NPCs found imprisoned in the basements of Domus Street now use the victim gender slider.
Fixed a bug that caused an error when using your hands or feet on the tentacle that emerges from a drain.
Socks should no longer fall from your character's legs when using your feet on a tentacle.
Fixed a bug that made the back sock vanish when giving tentacles feetjobs.
Fixed a bug that made the "Wait for the boys/girls to leave" option to appear outside the school changing rooms while they're empty.
The location image will no longer switch to the forest when escaping the hole you get stuck in when fetching cigarettes for Whitney.
Jogging with Doren will now take 30 minutes as advertised.
Receiving spare school clothes from Leighton should no longer replace currently worn school clothes, nor remove the PC's underwear.
Slime and semen will now wash from you when dunked into the river by Winter.
Thanks to 00c356 for numerous code improvements, and for fixing a bug that prevented the game from loading on some devices.
Fixed a bug that made Eden regret and go back on their decision to let the PC spend up to a week away from the cabin.
Fixed a bug that caused issues with the encounter triggered by saving Darryl from a molester.
Fixed a bug that made the brothel swarm scene last half as long as intended, and prevented Briar from using the cum bucket. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Fixed an error found at the landfill.
Fixed a bug that prevented upper tops from properly re-equipping.
Kylar's lust will now be satisfied when they cum.
Beasts should no longer be able to orally penetrate characters wearing a gag.
Helping orphans who slip in the main hall will now prevent a hope drop.
The police will no longer overlook truency if you've been a diligent student in the past. Thanks to killer1.
The PC will no longer be described as stripping again if they're already naked during the life art class.
Fixed a number of issues with close up sprites. Thanks to sseshess for the fixed images.
Your penis will no longer bend at an odd angle when receiving oral from a beast. Thanks to sseshess.
Receiving oral from a beast as a hermaphrodite without testes will no longer display testes in the close up sprite. Thanks to sseshess for the fixed image.
Adjusted the shading on a handful of close up images.
Your penis will no longer clip through an enveloping tentacle in the missionary close up sprite. Thanks to sseshess.
Fixed a bug that blocked some flavour text during masturbation. Thanks to Kamikaza404.
Fixed a bug that made bears hibernate all year.
Eden's cabin should no longer appear as the location image after encounters with Leighton in their office.
The micro pleated skirt should now display properly in the missionary position.
The tank top now displays correctly on the doggy sprite.
The + NPC Dominance indicator will now specify Whitney in a couple more places.
Fixed a bug that mixed up the characters during one of the orphanage events.
Fixed an improper pronoun found when teasing someone at the cafe.
Kylar will no longer act like like you have a chastity device when cumming against your ass, regardless of whether or not you're wearing one.
The NPC who harasses you while gathering lichen from the park statue will no longer half fade from existence when Avery shows up.
The swept left fringe type will no longer be described as swept right.
Female characters will no longer be described as having a cock when failing to resist during the milking sequence.
The photographer on the beach will no longer be described as a man regardless of their actual gender.
Legwear should no longer partially render above legwear on the encounter sprites.
Thanks to PurityGuy, CasaBlanc and Kamikaza404 for typo fixes.



0.2.16.3
Added an event to the deep forest. Requires tentacles and vore enabled. Written in collaboration with Anon.

Balance Changes
Unavoidable tentacle encounters triggered by hallucinations in the deep forest are now less likely.
Breastfeeding wolves will now increase milk capacity even if you don't have enough milk available.

Bug Fixes
The highest crossdressing and hermaphrodite school fame midnight notices can no longer repeat every night.
Stripping for the class to examine your body in science will now increase crossdresser or hermaphrodite fame.
Fixed an error found when hermaphrodite characters pose for life-art.
Newly bought short cheongsams should no longer try to display an extra image that doesn't exist
Fixed several problems with hermaphrodite images. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed an issue with the cat sprite while in the doggy possition. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed an error found when Eden cums. Thanks to CasaBlanc.
Fixed a bug that would prevent the game from loading on some devices. Thanks to 00c356.
Mason and their students will no longer break into school to conduct swimming lessons on holidays and weekends.
Fixed a bug that could prevent you from stealing after attending a gloryhole.
Fixed a broken legwear image on the missionary sprite. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed a bug that hid right legwear on the combat sprite.
Fixed a bug that made swimming skill checks in the old sewers more difficult than they actually were.

0.2.16.2
Newly bought waiter's trousers are now considered masculine, rather than feminine.
Winter will no longer mistake the gender of the person who helps them set up the second demonstration.
Fixed a bug that prevented the silver star image from displaying on Linux.
Fixed a bug that could result in a number of errors, including one found by drying your clothes. Thanks to 00c356.
The air bar will no longer appear multiple times during gang encounters
The monk or nun who assaults you while searching for lichen should no longer transform into the 0 man or woman.
Harper's breast size chart will now make more sense for flat-chested characters.
The sleeves on the waiter's shirt will no longer disappear when covering your nudity.
The PC will no longer describe female centaur as "sir".

0.2.16.1
Fixed a bug that prevented crime from increasing by the intended amount when stealing from the clothing shop. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed an error found during combat as a hermaphrodite. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed a bug that caused problems when bonus skill exp was granted.
Fixed a soft-lock found when receiving a spare school uniform from Leighton as a hermaphrodite. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.

0.2.16.0
You can now choose to play as a hermaphrodite at the game's start. Big thanks to Lollipop Scythe for a huge number of adjustments to images and code to incorporate characters with both sets of genitals.
Hermaphrodites can choose whether or not they have testes at character creation.
Added hermaphrodite variants to the school changing room crossdressing scenes.
Added hermaphrodite variants to the science class inspection scenes. Written in collaboration with Lollipop Scythe.
Adjusted the text in a large number of scenes, allowing NPCs to take hermaphrodites into account.
Added speech lines for NPCs witnessing a hermaphrodite PC exposed on stage during the maths competition. Written in collaboration with Lollipop Scythe.
Added speech lines for NPCs during encounters with hermaphrodite characters.
NPCs who discover hermaphrodite genitals during encounters can react in different ways.
Audiences will now react when dancing crossdressers and hermaphrodites reveal their true gender.
You can now gain a reputation at school as a crossdresser or hermaphrodite, which influences some events.
Added events to the school hallways and playground for characters with high crossdresser or hermaphrodite fame.
Added school crossdresser and hermaphrodite reputations to the cheat menu.
Added the option to become a hermaphrodite to the cheat menu. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Robin may now investigate when your character waters the flowers behind the orphanage, alongside other new events.
Robin can now make you a flower crown during an event. Art courtesy of KG.
Winter will now ask for further assistance at the museum should the player find and bring twenty different antiques.
Added an antique to the town.
Adjusted Eden's orgasm text.
Adjusted a line of aggressive NPC speech. Thanks to larsrand.
NPCs at a glory hole now have a new set of lines, which should make more sense given the situation. Thanks to larsrand.
Added the "Rest" and "Cooperate" actions while tribbing. Thanks to larsrand.
The "Cooperate" action now becomes "Fuck" when your vagina is penetrated during consensual encounters if your character is promiscuous or deviant, depending on the type of encounter. Thanks to larsrand.
Improved the code and text for being vaginally fucked. Thanks to larsrand.
Added the backwards cap, alice band, maid headband, bun covers, waiter's shirt and waiter's trousers to the clothing shop. Art courtesy of KG.
The colour of the band on the straw hat can now be chosen. Thanks to KG.
Avery's rage, wolf pack harmony, and wolf pack ferocity now have their own icons in the Social tab. Art courtesy of PurityGuy.
You can now tell if an NPC is lactating when they first push your face against their breasts.
Successfully retrieving your hat from a high branch along the road east of town is now marked as succeeding due to your character's large size.
The PC will now cum if they have max arousal on Remy's field.
Very strong characters can now carry Whitney on their back should they try to mount you, opening new options.
Added new location art for the town's streets and the underground. Courtesy of Mochi.
Having an orgasm while sleeping naked in bed with Robin will now get cum on them. Written in collaboration with Harcher.
Added an event to Robin's lemonade stand for players with the cow transformation. Written in collaboration with Harcher.
NPCs may now write additional lines on the PC should they be famous for deviancy.
Characters with pussies can now initiate tribadism. Requires sufficient promiscuity or deviancy should the encounter be consensual.
Angry NPCs and beasts can now thrust their penises down the player character's throat. This can lead to suffocation should the PC lack the oral skill to cope.
NPCs can't deepthroat the PC if their penis is too small.
The air bar now appears during encounters when the PC as at risk of suffocation.
You now gain a bronze, silver and gold star the first three times you study science, maths, english and history on a given day. Gaining a star gives you a skill boost. You can gain three stars per subject. Art courtesy of Mochi.
Added the Equine Rescue, Being a Hermaphrodite, Pain Rider, Submerged, and Giddy Up feats.

Balance changes
Plants no longer need to be watered when planted in the rain.
Smaller characters can now more easily squeeze through the holes made by digging in the underground dungeon, the wolf cave and Remy's farm.
Reduced the rate of willpower decay.
There's now a chance Eden will sniff you out if you try to hide from them in town.
Known or higher in a fame category is now required before NPCs will write associated lines on the PC.
Reduced the impact of fame on allure by 50%.
Control is no longer damaged when an NPC gropes or attempts to strip you while dancing. Stress and trauma increase instead.

Bug Fixes
Kylar will now remember your sex should you show them your genitals while masturbating or teasing them.
Fixed a bug that could cause the changing room options at the school pool to appear twice on one screen.
The gothic gown description will no longer display twice at the clothing shop.
Ignoring NPCs who try to chat or seduce the PC during a riding lesson will no longer end the lesson.
Kylar's jealously should now be correctly marked as such when they try to pull you into dark alley.
Monster girls should no longer be referred to as if they are male when attempting to perform oral on the PC.
Removed a rogue pixel from the fishnet stockings' sidebar image.
Fixed a bug that could the skip the negotiation phase when attracting a client at the strip club or brothel.
You should no longer teleport to the brothel when accepting a client at the strip club out of fear of Bailey.
Fixed an error found when successfully pleading with a centaur while crawling through a hole in the wall.
Female Briar's introduction will now take her breast size into account.
Any messy fluids gained while fucking Eden in the bath will now be washed off.
The text found when fighting off Eden after a bath seduction becomes non-consensual should now make sense.
Fixed an image error found when wearing wedge sandals in the missionary position.
Leighton will now remember your sex should they find out while you're being being dragged around school naked on a leash.
Mason is no longer aware of your sex when they shouldn't be while rescuing you from the school changing rooms.
Fixed a bug that broke an NPC were you to flirt when caught in the opposite-sex changing rooms at school.
Mason will now remember the PC's gender when discussing spare swimsuits.
Leighton should have a better memory of the PC's gender during the inspection scenes, though they may still "forget" if it suits them.
Fixed a bug that prevented the rain from watering plots that hadn't been watered the previous day.
Fixed a bug that caused NPCs to treat characters like the wrong sex when talking about boyish body-writing or tattoos.
Certain police officers should no longer be able to detect your true gender without evidence.
Fixed a close-up image error found during tentacle encounters. Thanks to 00c356.
Fixed a bug that prevented the NPCs who catch the PC sneaking naked across Connudatus Street from recognising them as a notorious flaunter.
The straw hat should now appear in the clothing shop.
Morgan will no longer ask you to strip if you're already naked.
Characters with a small body will no longer be described as having a tiny body by the text that indicates that an action is possible or successful due to the character's small frame.
Passing out after being assaulted in your cell on Remy's farm in the morning will no longer prevent hunger increasing that day.
Robin will no longer be able to play video games without a console should you moo for attention.
The couple at the lake will now respect the "Proportion of same-sex couples" setting.
Hunted down a couple of rogue NPCs at the cell in Remy's farm.
The location image at the strip club and brothel dressing rooms will no longer display the town's streets.
Locked up a rogue NPC found after fighting Whitney in the school canteen, and one found when flaunting in response to catcalls triggered by exhibitionism fame.
Fixed a bug that prevented Eden from loading properly when giving them their supplies.
Remy, Harper and Niki will now remember your gender should they see you naked at Remy's farm.
Winter will now remember your gender should they fix a chastity belt on you or give you a bare-bottomed spanking.
Accepting an NPC's proporsition during a riding lesson will now count as a promiscuity 1 actions as advertised.
NPCs will no longer act like they're playing with your clit while rubbing your belly.
Fixed an error found when taking pills. Thanks to CasaBlanc.
Thanks to CasaBlanc for a couple of other minor fixes.
Locked up a rogue NPC found when submitting to Bailey after failing to meet their demands.
Newly bought cheongsams, short cheongsams, and tie-front tops will now properly be considered feminine.
Fixed a bunch of points where chastity devices were treated as a part of your body.
You can no longer give money you don't have to the person you rescue from a cargo container at the docks.
Fixed a bug that caused the "Hit others" stat to increase twice instead of inflicting extra pain when kicking with high heels.
The temple quarters will now become cleaner when fixed up by other initiates, rather than the garden.
Whitney will no longer examine your cheek when spotting body-writing or a tattoo on your forehead.
Socks should no longer render in front of beasts on the combat sprites.
Fixed a bug that prevented the history skill from increasing as intended when modelling traditional clothes in History class.
Thanks to klorpa for numerous minor fixes.



0.2.15.4
The PC's outburst at Harper should the doctor have abducted the PC will now take a muzzle into account. Thanks to Harcher.
Adjusted standard male NPC orgasm text.

Balance Changes
The athlete background now increases the player's starting athletics skill.
Letting your tears flow after a fight at the club will now reduce pain.
Newly bought gothic jackets and trousers will now be considered formal.

Bug Fixes
Fixed a bug that caused the "Is it worth prostituting yourself to help avoid Bailey's torments?" option to tick itself when visiting the Attitudes page.
Whitney will no longer get angry when discovering that you're wearing underwear during maths class if they haven't yet demanded you wear none.
Body-writing should no longer display on encounter sprites if body-writing images are disabled.
Fixed a bug that made the striped on sprites thighhighs disappear on the missionary sprite.
Fixed a bug that would cause different socks to clip through each other on the doggy sprite.
Ass action selection will no longer reset to "Rest" after trying and failing to envelop a penis.
The PC will no longer be described as crying at the strip club if they're not actually crying.
Fixed an issue that could cause all NPC orgasms to behave as if they were at a gloryhole on old saves.
Fixed a bug that prevented NPC's becoming more aggressive when reading provocative body-writing.
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes:
Fixed an error found when NPCs cum at a gloryhole.
Fixed alignment issues with several x-ray images.
Further fixes to the character viewer for skin tone and under tops.
Fixed a typo.
Fixed an error found when sleeping with an ear slime.

0.2.15.3
Female Charlie's introduction will now take her breast size into account.
Fixed a bug that could break the encounter with the janitor at the school gloryhole.
Added an escape door to the shopping centre restroom, so the PC should no longer get trapped there.
Fixed an error found when triggering a fight by wearing whipped cream.
The PC's legwear will no longer fall off while being kissed or performing various other acts in the missionary position.
Fixed an error found when passing out at the riding school.
Fixed an error found when coerced into oral at the beach.
River will no longer pass out twice should they catch you masturbating during class.
Fixed a broken image found when NPCs scissor you.
Giving an NPC oral in return for a ride will no longer have your character described as a girl regardless of their apparent gender.
Fixed a bug that would hide all options when someone asks you to strip in return for a ride while hitchhiking.
Fixed a bug that caused two separate version of a scene to both trigger when leaving the canteen to perform oral on Whitney.
Fixed a broken image found when both vagina and ass are threatened while in the doggy position.
Cleared the excess hay bales that littered the farmlands.
Fixed a blank screen found when running naked through the park.
Fixed a bug that prevented cat tails from displaying during combat.
Fixed a contortion problem that could appear if an NPC gags you with their right hand.
Fixed a bug found when an NPC in the sea by the beach tries to gag you.
Fixed a bug that allowed a few remaining NPCs to gag your while you're already wearing a gag.
The gold anklet image should now appear when giving a footjob from the missionary position.
Fixed a bug that caused Whitney to be referred to with River's pronouns when caught kissing in class.
Fixed a bug that made your right sock vanish when you penetrated someone while they rode you.
Fixed a bug that would cause the NPCs description to repeat during encounters.
Thanks to CasaBlanc for a typo fix.

0.2.15.2
Fixed an error that could appear if feats are disabled. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.

0.2.15.1
Robin's empty confidence heart icons now have unique art, courtesy of PurityGuy.
The muzzle now has its own art for encounter sprites. Thanks to KG.

Balance Changes
The transformation decay protection provided by the spiked collar, cow bell, and cat bell collar now applies to all sources of decay.

Bug Fixes
The topmost ribbon on the gothic dress should no longer seem to be tucked into the skirt. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Legwear should no longer appear to take on a life of its own and drop off the PC when fellating in the missionary position.
Fixed an error found when interrogated in the compound.
The NPC on Danube Street who invites you to tea in their garden now sets up a parasol when it rains.
Fixed a bug that prevented the cow transformation from triggering at the intended rate.
Fixed an error found when trying to bite someone's breasts.
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes:
Fixed an error found when angry NPCs try to bite your neck.
Fixed an issue found with the anal horse x-ray images.
Fixed an isuse found with the vaginal creampie x-ray images.
Fixed a bug that would cause the wrong close up images to display.
Fixed a bug that broke the pound icon in feats.
Fixed a bug that broke under tops in the character viewer.
Fixed an error found when forced to sleepwalk by the ear slime.

0.2.15.0
Whitney now shares maths class with you, when they aren't skipping lessons. The events change after Whitney declares you their boy/girlfriend.
The road leading east from Harvest Street has opened, leading into the farmlands. It's a long journey on foot, but you can hitchhike if you're daring.
Added a riding school to the farmlands.
Added a meadow to the farmlands.
Those with an A in history can find an alternative route to the farmlands.
Teasing Kylar at the park or arcade will now prompt them to proposition the PC, should their love and lust be high.
You can now flaunt or flash when someone recognises you as a famous exhibitionist on the street, resulting in a variety of reactions. Thanks to larsrand.
Failing to pay Bailey the first time will unlock a new option in the Attitudes menu that allows you to bypass some promiscuity checks that lead to prostitution. Doing so will decrease control. Written and coded in collaboration with anon.
Extended the orphanage bedroom exhibitionist scene. Your character now leaves the orphanage via the fence in the garden, putting them in the residential alleyways.
Added a "Percentage of other victims that are male" option to Settings, which controls the gender of characters in a similar position to the PC. Impacts many of the events at the orphanage, the street assault at night, a couple of events in the underground brothel, and the temple punishment sequence.
Added a "Proportion of same-sex couples" option to Settings, which impacts the couple met on the beach during the science project and a couple at the orphanage.
NPCs who want to strip the PC will now behave with more intelligence. Thanks to larsrand.
Added new lines for NPCs trying to strip the PC. Thanks to larsrand.
Robin's opinion of the PC as shown in the Social overlay will now take their confidence into account.
Harper may now attempt to abduct cowgirls and bullboys from the park, should they be running naked, in order to return them to the farm. Written in collaboration with Harcher.
Added the "Moo for attention" option to Robin's bedroom. Requires a full cow transformation. Written in collaboration with Harcher.
The orphans will now notice if you spend a long time away from the orphanage. Written in collaboration with Harcher.
Adjusted the house party event found when robbing homes on Danube Street, and the exposed street assault event.
Added weather to the "Other" tab of the cheat menu.
Added chastity integrity to the cheat menu.
Added the option to change gender and natural features to the cheat menu, available while at a wardrobe. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Added anal pregnancy options to the cheat menu. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Added a couple of antiques to the farmlands.
Options that are available or successful due to the PC's small size are now marked as such.
Added new location art for the forest and lake, courtesy of Mochi.
Added attitudes toggle for flaunting demon images. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Added an alternative missionary silhouette. Art courtesy of sseshess, and coded by Lollipop Scythe.
Made some code tweaks that should improve performance on older saves.
Added lines for when NPCs ogle a pilloried PC's normal sized penis.
The "Next" button during encounters is now clickable in its entirety, rather than just the text. Thanks to stuffed.
NPCs can now be bitten when they gag the PC with their hand.
Adjusted NPC orgasm text, particularly for generic female NPCs.
Added the "Delinquent Antics", "Rear Passenger" and "Cornered Rogue" feats.
All art in the following additions is courtesy of PurityGuy:
The missionary and doggy sprites now display tights, fishnet tights, boy's gym socks, girl's gym socks, stockings, fishnet stockings, garter stockings, legwarmers, Christmas leg warmers, gold anklets, and striped thighhighs.
The purity icon in the characteristics overlay will now change if the PC has the demon or fallen angel transformations.
Robin's confidence is now displayed in the Social overlay.
Added frayed, torn, and tattered image variants for the chastity belt, chastity cage, gold chastity belt, apron, tuxedo shirt, tuxedo trousers, boardshorts, breeches, argyle sweater vest, and beatnik shirt.
Added new art for the pepper spray.
The tattoo parlour now has its own icon.
Added the gothic gown, gothic jacket, gothic trousers and lace choker to the clothing shop.
Added the spiked collar to the clothing shop. Wearing it prevents the wolf transformation from decaying over time.

Balance Changes
Newly bought peacoats will now have the Formal trait.
Sneaking through the orphanage will no longer prevent exhibitionism points when sneaking into the strip club on the same day, and vice versa.
The mirror tentacles' aphrodisiac is now more potent. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
The PC will no longer automatically rush for their clothes at Eden's cabin should their exhibitionism be high enough.
Kylar will now try to seduce the PC at a lower level of lust.
Actions that cause wolfiness or felinity now cause other animal transformations to decay, similar to the bovine transformation.
Struggling while your arms are held down now has a chance to overcome the grappler, freeing you. Success chance is based on physique, and success is more likely if you struggle with both arms.

Bug Fixes
Fixed a bug that caused NPCs to continue to rub their penis between your feet after moving your feet away.
Chastity devices will now be properly removed during the temple forgiveness sequence, and will no longer be described as if they were a part of the PC.
Fixed an error found when Doren asks if you need help during English class.
Fixed a bug that could case Avery to materialise as a random rapist.
Fixed an error that would prevent monster dog and wolf penis images from displaying properly in the missionary position.
Fixed an issue with the images for stripper heels in the doggy position, and the boot heels, court heels, kitten heels, stripper heels and wedge sandals in the missionary position. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Fixed an issue with the images for platform heels in the missionary position. Thanks to KG.
Fixed a bug that prevented angel and demon images from disappearing when intended. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed a bug that caused hallucinations to appear at unintended times. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Receiving a foot message from a lady in the park will no longer see them transform into a man part-way through.
Fixed a bug that prevented the Chastity Vow trait from disappearing on non-virgins.
The physique and beauty bars in the Characteristics overlay will now properly fill when those stats are maxed.
Targeting separate tentacles with both arms will no longer strike the same one.
The shaft of the swallowed tentacle will now function properly during the eerie mirror encounter.
You'll no longer seem to take two tentacles in your mouth at once during the errie mirror encounter.
Fixed a bug that caused the game to lose count of the number of tentacles present during an encounter.
The dog involved in the underground brothel hunt event will no longer be referred to as a "boy" regardless of its actual gender.
Fixed a number of errors that could appear when sent out of maths class.
Fixed a bug that allowed any number of NPCs to suck your nipples.
The PC will now remove their bra or similar under top when Harper hypnotises them into dusting a room naked.
Fixed an error found after fighting off Remy and their goons in the barn cell.
The PC should now have their ass properly pressed against the wall during the brothel punishment sequence.
Fixed an error found when caught by a janitor at the school gloryhole.
The text when selling your clothes to someone on the street will no longer say you sell them your "naked" if you're already topless, and will now take your under top into account.
Fixed an error found after someone offers to massage your feet in the park.
Fixed an error found when encountering a familiar face when running exposed through the park.
Fixed some word salad found when attending a party with Avery.
Fixed a bug found when meeting Darryl in their office.
Fixed a number of encounter contortions. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed a bug in the old sewers that involved the PC's genitals. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed a problem with 12-hour time in the sidebar. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Cleaned up old code. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed a bug that gave the hairdresser the power to lengthen your hair.
Staying put while witnessing an assault at night will now increase trauma as advertised.
Fixed a bug that made the swimming skill check in the lake ruins plinth room output the wrong result.
Passing out at Remy's farm will now reduce stress by the intended amount.
Fixed a bug that would cause some NPCs to ignore the genital sliders.
Fixed an issue with the ballgown image. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Your character will now speak when encouraging your colleague while on a pub crawl with middling submissivenes.
Fixed a bug that could give female centaur on Remy's farm vaginas regardless of Settings.
Fixed an issue with insecurity. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed a few icons on UNIX based systems. Thanks to KrisAphalon.
Thanks to CasaBlanc for a type fix, and for fixing an issue found when abducted from the orphanage.
Fixed an error found when locked in the pillory with a normal sized penis.
Fixed a bug that prevented NPC lines from working properly when the PC was locked in the pillory with a micropenis.
Fixed a bug that caused NPCs who tried to fellate a PC to instead swap their mouth with their ass, and ignore any chastity device.
Fixed a bug that could cause NPCs to grow penises mid-combat.
Working yourself free of your bindings when tied to a desk at school will now properly remove the bindings. Thanks to CasaBlanc.
Fixed a bug that would cause under tops to render above shirts on the doggy sprite.
Female centaur will no longer sprout a cock when receiving oral.
Fixed a bug that allowed the PC to pull up their "naked" when flashing a young monk or nun at the temple.
Talking to Kylar at the park or arcade will no longer change the location icon to the town's.
Fixed a bug that caused the tuxedo shirt to disappear when damaged. Thanks to PurityGuy.
NPCs will no longer gag your mouth with their hand while you're already wearing a gag.
Fixed an issue with the parasitic pregnancy feat boost. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
The NPC who gags the PC on the bus will no longer have three arms.
Rubbing an NPCs clit with your penis should no longer be described as rubbing against their ass, and vice versa.
Thanks to Klorpa for numerous minor fixes.


0.2.14.3
NPCs are now more likely to go for penetration when pressing their cocks against your rear.
The mirror now mentions that hiding wolf TF hair has no impact on trauma. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Descriptions of the PC's underwear in the sidebar should now read better. Thanks to Chingonerio.
Added crossdresser progression to the Extra Stats tab of the statistics overlay.
Added the transformation section to the Extra Stats tab of the statistics overlay.

Bug Fixes
Fixed a gamebreaking bug found by asking Darryl for work.
Adjusted the futa portal fix to prevent a number of issues.
Fixed a bug found when attempting to envelop a penis with your ass if you weren't an anal virgin. Thanks to mncskj.
Remy will now actually remove the PC's muzzle if it says as much after passing out on their farm.
Fixed a couple of bugs that allowed NPCs to phase through chastity belts.
Fixed a bug that caused caused anal shields to prevent anal even after their removal.
Fixed a number of issues involving the mirror's hirsutism toggle. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Tentacles about to envelop the PC's penis will no longer print the text and apply stat changes twice. Thanks to Chingonerio.
Fixed a bug that allowed multiple butt parasites to attach to the PC at once in the old sewers.
Fixed an image error found when giving footjobs with the platform heels.
Thanks to Chingonerio for a number of minor fixes.

0.2.14.2
Vagina descriptions can now take arousal into account. Thanks to TreeFrogSoup.

Balance Changes
Adjusted insertions so that lubrication is no longer required for even the largest sizes, though is still helpful.
Increased the likelihood of the "shady fan" street event triggering.

Bug Fixes
Futa bug portals should now be closed for good. Hopefully.
Fixed an error that could break encounters. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed an error that could cause disembodied genitals, asses, breasts, and other things to completely replace each other, and even whole NPCs. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
You will no longer be pinched by a crap out at sea.
Fixed an error that tore the PC's anus from reality.
Fixed an error found when being ass fucked by a beast or monsterboy/girl.
Fixed several errors that prevented images from displaying. Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed a bug that could prevent spiritual transformation attributes from displaying. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed an error that could appear on the characteristics overlay, and when progressing thorugh the angel transformation. Lollipop Scythe.
Thrusting against an NPC's pussy will now take lubrication into account.
Fixed a duplicated set of options that could appear during dock work.
Fixed a gamebreaking error that could appear on new saves.
The museum will now properly recognise the copper compass on old saves.
Your character will now only find the farmer in the pub suspicious if they have the full cow transformation.
Disabling the hirsute wolf transformation in settings should now work again.
Fixed an image error caused by clit parasites.
Fixed an image error found when in the doggy position with the angel transformation.

0.2.14.1
Fixed a graphical error with shorts in the missionary position.
Charlie will no longer appear as a random rapist. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
A pulled up top will no longer appear on the doggy sprite when no appropriate clothing is worn.
Fixed a bug that prevented the "shots fired" stat from increasing.
Fixed an error that appeared while masturbating.
Fixed some missing line breaks. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Demonic purity-induced stress gain now occurs until you lose it completely. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.

0.2.14.0
Added ways to cross between the following areas while exposed during the day: Residential alleyways to the commercial district, commercial alleyways to the park, and the park to the industrial district. Requires level 3 exhibitionist actions unlocked if in underwear or similar, and level 5 if naked or similar. The naked versions of the scenes can be more involved.
One of the above events includes whipped cream "clothes", with art courtesy of Mochi.
Added an event to the school playground, triggered if another student films you crossing Oxford street naked during one of the above events.
Expanded the wetness system developed in collaboration with Lollipop Scythe.
The lubrication of the PC's pussy, penis and ass are now taken into account when NPCs, beasts and tentacles try to penetrate or envelop. Slime and semen will increase lubrication.
The above also applies when the PC tries to penetrate or envelop. A lack of lubrication can be overcome with sufficient skill.
Aroused NPC penises, vaginas and tentacles will sometimes smear or squirt lubricating fluid as they try to penetrate or envelop.
Larger penises and tentacles will now struggle to penetrate without lubrication. Larger tentacles will have an easier time enveloping the PC's penis.
The PC's vagina will become wetter over time while they're aroused. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
NPCs may now carry and use bottles of lube during encounters.
Added ass and penis lubrication to the characteristics Overlay.
Added the police force's opinion of the PC to the Social overlay, which gives a general idea of the PC's criminal history stat.
Added a simple event to the town's streets during the day.
Adjusted the horse x-ray images.
Added high heels to the clothing shop, including kitten heels, wedge sandals, court heels, heeled boots, and stripper heels. Code and art courtesy of Poonta.
Heels make kicking more effective during encounters, and increase the tips earned dancing, but are tiring, hobble journeys through the forest, and can result in tripping if the PC is forced to move quickly without adequate feet skill. Thanks to Poonta.
Added the "Exercise in heels" option to the park, and "Take a walk in heels" option to the beach, should you have the appropriate footwear. Thanks to Poonta.
Added high heel lessons to the dance studio, where the PC can improve their feet skill. Thanks to Poonta.
Added an event to the town's streets that can trigger while wearing heels. Thanks to Poonta.
Added a couple of events to dancing that can trigger while wearing heels. Thanks to Poonta.
Cleaned up the forest travel code. Thanks to Poonta.
Added an antique out at sea.
The horses and centaur at Remy's farm can now have pussies, should settings allow it.
Split the mirror into multiple sections. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Improved tattoo system code. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Added a transformation section to the mirror, which lets you hide different transformation parts. Hiding parts adds a small daily trauma increase. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Added several new body-writing options to the mirror with their own requirements. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Leaving the clothing shop with stolen clothes during the day can lead them getting banned for several days. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe and PurityGuy.
Entering the Clothing shop in at night has a chance for the player to get caught when leaving. Can lead to an extended ban. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe and PurityGuy.
Added demon flaunting images. Art courtesy of PurityGuy and coded by Lollipop Scythe.
Transformation feats are now earned when the PC transforms, rather that some time after. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Improved the code during the chef party sequence. Thanks to Chingonerio.
Adjusted the criminal history stat. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Added the dull versions of VrelCoins to distinguish between feats earned in the current save, and those not. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe and PurityGuy.
Added saveVersions stat to the Statistics overlay. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Updated the character viewer. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Adjusted the cat sprite for the doggy position. Thanks to Mochi.
Adjusted the hair images for the sidebar sprite. Thanks to Mochi.
Added location art for the sea, moor, and lake ruins, including a variant for the lake ruins that appears during a blood moon. Art courtesy of Mochi.
Adjusted flavour text for losing vaginal and anal virginities to various sized cocks.
Added chest wraps to the clothing shop, which can bind and conceal the PC's breasts. Art, including encounter images, courtesy of Rise Goochikawa.
The eyes of the black wolf now glow while in monster girl/boy form. Art courtesy of PurityGuy.
Added horsebit loafers, cordovan loafers, chinos and a peacoat to the clothing shop. Art and code courtesy of gay skele.
One of Remy's goons may recognise you around town should you have the cow transformation, and try to bring you back to the farm. Beware of generous farmers. Written in collaboration with Harcher.
Added new bodywriting lines. Thanks to Poonta.
NPCs are now more intelligent when selecting where on the PC to write. Thanks to Poonta.
Improved the encounter code for groups of beasts. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Thanks to larsrand for further code improvements.
Added new Feats: A Lewd Adventure, Swift, A Thunderous Response, Sour Dealing.

Balance Changes
Vaginal wetness now takes slime and semen on the labia into account.
Increased the effect of foreign slime and semen when determining overall wetness.
Vaginal wetness no longer takes vaginal skill into account.
Horse/centaur penises will impact arousal, stress and trauma less while trying to fuck their way through a chastity belt.
Beasts are now more focused on trying to breed with the PC.
Increased the likelihood of rebellious events triggering at the orphanage.
The frustration NPCs experience when denied a penetration is now dependent on the size of the penis involved, with larger penises having a bigger impact. The PC's stress gain and trauma reduction is also impacted.
Male PCs now get semen on their penis when they cum, assuming they produce anything.
Losing your virginity to small cocks is now as traumatic as losing it to regular cocks, though still less painful and stressful. Losing your virginity to larger cocks now causes more pain.
More clothing items are ruined when taken to the farm. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
The cow bell is now only equipped at Remy's farm during the intro sequence if the PC already has the full cow transformation, or if they have both the full cow transformation and high obedience. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Blood moons now cause severe hallucinations. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Reduced the money earnable from the tailor. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Added a steal limit of 20 clothing items, reset on visiting a wardrobe. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.

Bug Fixes
Fixed a bug that prevented NPCs from writing on the PC's right thigh.
Horse penises are now appropriately devastating when penetrating.
Fixed a pronoun issue with the NPC who carries lewd clothing during a street event.
Fixed a pronoun issue when Mason covers their nudity at the pool.
Fixed an NPC description issue when convincing someone to threaten your ass instead of your pussy.
Fixed a pronoun issue found when defending Kylar from bullies.
Imminent penetration by horse/centaur penises will now impact arousal, stress and trauma as intended.
Fixed a bug that prevented the result of breast milkings at Remy's farm from being properly tracked.
Improved encounters' ability to keep track of NPC locations relative to the PC, resulting in fewer physical contortions. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed an issue involving the "Try on" option for outfits that didn't have a colour choice.
Fixed a bug during the shady fan event.
Fixed a bug that made male PCs appear female when clothing was wet. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed a bug that hid parasites when Clothing was wet. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed an issue with the removing the demon transformation. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Added missing combat controls highlighting. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed a bug that prevented masks from protecting right cheeks from being written on. Thanks to Chingonerio.
Fixed a bug that caused writing on the right shoulder to show through clothes. Thanks to Chingonerio.
An anal shield is no longer required for slime to show up on the PC's anus after a slime-induced sleepwalking episode. Thanks to Chingonerio.
Slime entering the PC's right ear will no longer be described as entering the left ear. Thanks to Chingonerio.
The PC will no longer mention Landry during the compound interrogation sequence if they've never met them. Thanks to Chingonerio.
Fixed a bug that caused an error at the tailor with max hair and fringe length. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed a bug that caused clothing repairs to fail. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed a bug found during the shady fan event. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
The cow transformation will now increase allure. Thanks to Chingonerio.
The cow transformatino will now increase attractiveness.
The cat transformation will now be listed as a factor influencing allure and attractiveness at the mirror.
Fixed an issue with the close up art of a penis rubbing against the PC's bottom.
Fixed a bug that prevented semen from spurting over the PC's ass when appropriate. Thanks to SirSkeleto.
Jerking off someone at a glorhole with your right hand will no longer get your left hand dirty instead. Thanks to SirSkeleto.
Fixed a bug that prevented successful oral from gaining the the horses' favour.
The option to look beneath a horse or centaur will no longer be available with beasts disabled.
Fixed a bug that hid the "Leave" button after approaching friendly horses or centaur at Remy's farm.
The dark-haired character that appears during the temple punishment sequence will no longer be described as a boy regardless of their actual gender at the conclusion.
Fixed a bug involving chastity belt integrity that could appear during some events. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed a bug that made the cow bell available from the beginning. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
The babydoll lingerie should now be transparent. Thanks to PurityGuy and Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed a bug that allowed interacting with genitals during masturbation despite wearing a chastity device. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
The location image will no longer briefly shift to the town when escaping a dog in the park.
Fixed a bug that prevented bikini bottoms from displaying during encounters.
Under tops should now display on the doggy sprite.
The PC's right hand should now be able to interact with female NPC's genitals. Thanks to Chingonerio.
Eden will no longer harass the PC in the Cabin clearing while they're meant to be asleep. Thanks to Chingonerio.
Leighton will no longer break free of the pillory to rescue you. Thanks to Chingonerio.
Whitney's events will no longer trigger while they're in the pillory. Thanks to Chingonerio.
Fixed numerous points where text would not make sense should the PC have a single bound arm and/or bound legs. Thanks to Chingonerio.
Thanks to Chingonerio for numerous typo and minor fixes.
Thanks to klorpa for a large number of minor fixes.




0.2.13.4
Added Settings and Attitudes to the cell at Remy's farm.
Added highlighting for save times for saves made in the last 30 minutes. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Adjusted saveId/name highlighting so that it only occurs when they match the current game. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Added a new feat filter and removed the All option. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.

Balance Changes
Your hair will now get semen on it when NPCs use it to clean their cocks after coming.
Increased the stress removed when passing out at Remy's farm.
NPCs at the brothel gloryhole should now cum faster.
Lowered the minimum physique required to successfully hold on to your clothes when assaulted by a tentacle on the streets.
Eating grass with the full cow transformation will impact the PC's attitude towards nudity. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.

Bug Fixes
Fixed a bug that broke the obedience stat at Remy's farm.
Fixed a bug that made the pig at the brothel cum like a human.
Exercising in the field at Remy's farm should now improve physique.
Closed a couple of futa portals in the forest.
Another event will no longer begin straight away after successfully resisting Remy's whip through sheer willpower.
Pleading with Niki will no longer trigger another event right after.
Time will now pass on the tentacle plains.
Fixed a visual bug with the sweater found when the PC covers themselves.
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes:
Minor fix for saveId that effected the highlighting, this can be corrected by loading the save and re-saving.
Fixed a bug with settings export.
Eden and the black wolf will now stop hunting you should you return to town with Mason.
Fixed a bug that caused the feat selection box to default to the last option rather than General.
Fixed a bug that broke the exhibitionism attitude selection box.
Fixed an error caused by the counter for the number of dates the PC has been on.
Added extra line spacing below combat controls.

0.2.13.3
Female PCs will no longer be referred to as "sir" by the tailor.
Fixed a bug causing your chastity belt to be described as "feeling good" as if it were a part of you when swallowed by a snake alongside Robin.
Fixed a bug that allowed up to six NPCs to suck your nipples at once.
The Characteristics overlay will now acknowledge the cow transformation.
The PC will no longer be left bound and collared following the swarm show at the brothel. Thanks to Dinesty30 and Lollipop Scythe.
Closed a futa portal opened by trying to help an injured horse.
Fixed a clipping issue with the flat ponytail.
Fixed an issue found when examined by Harper on the farm while wearing a chastity belt.
Remy will now respect the body-writing toggle when you pass out on their farm.
Showing in the strip club bathroom now takes twenty minutes.
Choosing to wait when finishing the tunnel at the farm will no longer teleport the PC to their cell.
Named NPCs' breasts will now respect the average NPC breast size setting.
Fixed a bug allowing Remy to milk the PC's penis despite the presence of a chastity belt.
Removed the roof over the cattle field.
Fixed a bug that allowed fame to grow much higher than intended.
Thanks to CasaBlanc for typo fixes.
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes and improvements:
The most deviant characters may now goad the mirror tentacles into greater lewdity in the small hours during a blood moon, creating a portal to the tentacle world.
Fixed a compatibility issue with overlays.
Adjusted the penis Rest action.
Sleeping at Remy's farm will now auto-save.
Fixed an img error that could appear during encounters.
Fixed a pronoun issue for combat actions.
Fixed a bug that caused the swim to safety option to not be checked.
The strike, kick and bite tentacle actions should no longer be available during consensual encounters.
Closed a futa portal at the tailor shop.
You can no longer pay the tailor deposit without the appropriate funds.
Selling your clothes using the tailor's new service should now pay out as advertised.
Several typo fixes.

0.2.13.2
Harper will no longer be described as assaulting a female character's penis.
The old centaur should no longer be referred to with a male pronoun if female.
The PC will no longer be referred to by an NPC's pronouns after performing hard labour at Remy's farm.
Sirris will no longer be referred to with a student's pronons when examining the PC with a speculum.
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes:
Fixed a bug that prevented save names from displaying.
Fixed a bug that caused performance to worsen over time.
Fixed an error at the tailor.
Fixed an issue in the cheat menu.
Fixed an error found when Remy removes the PC's tattoo or bodywriting to make way for their own.

0.2.13.1
Fixed a bug that could cause the NPC who tries to strip the PC on the beach to forget about their underwear.
Allowing the wind to flare up your skirt on the beach now correctly requires level 4 exhibitionist acts unlocked, rather than level 5. The act is now also change stats as intended.
The above event will no longer cause your chastity belt to "tingle".
Encouraging the tentacles in the forest is now properly considered a deviant act.
Flashing students in history class is now properly considered an exhibitionist act.
Fixed an error found when Whitney gloats having taken the PC's penile virginity.
Fixed a gamebreaking error found when visiting the farm more than once, and being punished by a male centaur or horse.
Fixed a bug that caused the PC's head to be pressed against the wrong pair of breasts during encounters.
Fixed a bug found when eating a basket of apples.
Fixed a gender error found when being molested while pretending to be a mannequin.
Fixed a bug that caused an error when vaginally penetrated by a horse or centaur.
Fixed a bug that prevented horse and centaur art from displaying.
Fixed a bug that caused acting like a cow to erode the wolf transformation far too quickly.
Your genitals will now be properly referred to, rather than your chastity belt, when assaulted by a slime in the old sewers.
Jogging with Doren after crying on their shoulder will now improve athletics.
Jogging with Doren will now be advertised as taking thirty minutes, rather than an hour.
Fixed a bunch of typos.
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes and improvements.
Added a "Get dressed" option when walking home with Mason.
Fixed a number of issues during encounters with multiple beasts.
Fixed an issue causing saving/refreshing to not work properly on some passages.
Fixed a display issue with new tattoo text.
Fixed a broken link on the farm.
Fixed an error found when modelling on Domus Street.
Fixed a bug that broke the trauma stat.
The PC should now be unbound following the brother swarm show.
Other code improvements.

0.2.13.0
Failing to pay Bailey and being sold three times will now send the PC to a new location out in the countryside.
Added horses. Art courtesy of Anon, including the main body, close-ups, x-rays and props. All horses have penises for the time being.
Horses can be replaced by centaur should settings and traits allow it. Centaur gender is based on human gender settings, rather than beast. Female centaur require the chance for women to have penises to be set to at least 1%.
Horse and centaur penises are larger than existing cocks, and work differently during encounters.
Gave horses and centaur different ejaculation text to account for the much greater quantities of semen they produce.
Added a new named NPC, who rules the above location through liberal use of their whip.
Added a new type of restraint to encounters that can lock down the PC's legs and head. Art courtesy of Anon.
Added the cow/bull transformation. Increases the amount of milk and semen produced, and encourages growth of the PC's breasts, ass and penis if applicable. Art courtesy of Morgan Vayne and PurityGuy.
Refusing defiant opportunities and accepting your role at the above location will cause the PC to transform. Gaining points towards the cow/bull transformation will weaken other animal transformations.
Added a cow bell to the forest shop. Art also courtesy of Morgan Vayne and PurityGuy. Wearing it prevents the cow/bull transformation from decaying.
Added a muzzle, which functions as a gag. Art courtesy of KG.
Added new body-writing lines and the "cattle" body-writing category.
Added a new event to the town's streets. Involves an abduction attempt should the PC be particularly beautiful, which can lead to the new location. Skilled or cautious PCs may avoid it.
Going with the police when confronted outside the cafe with max chef suspicion will also now lead to the new location.
Added a strange van to the bus station. Investigating it will lead to the new location. This will likely be removed in the future, but I wanted to add an easy way to access and test the new area.
You can now apologise to Avery after standing them up.
Added Mason's love and lust to the cheat menu.
Added the cow/bull transformation to the cheat menu.
Added "Fluid forcibly milked" to the statistics overlay.
The game will now present a more appropriate message when failing to find part of a clothing set that's already worn by the PC. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
You can now ask Eden to teach you how to shoot in the evenings.
Robin will now always refuse a threesome on halloween should their confidence be high enough.
Added adjusted close-up images that better reflect different positions during combat. Thanks to Airks.
Going to bed aroused may result in orgasm on waking up. Robin and Eden may take note if sharing a bed with the PC. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Added platform heels, tie-front top, and micro pleated skirt to the clothing shop. Code courtesy of Lollipop Scythe and art courtesy of KG.
Updated the hairdresser UI. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Overlays should now scroll to the top when switching between them. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Added sidebar art to represent the new location.
Converted vore UI to the new system. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Re-wrote the tailor with a little more personality. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Added a delivery service that allows the PC to sell or repair their entire wardrobe once per month. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Many improvements to encounter code. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Improved start screen UI, and hid the default actions attitude settings until the first encounter is met. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Gave pigs different text and effects when they cum inside the PC's pussy or ass.
Added a new show to the brothel, involving a terrarium full of squirmy creatures. Thanks to lewddude and Lollipop Scythe.
Added lines for NPCs witnessing the PC in a swarm encounter. Also thanks to lewddude.
Improved the NPC Settings UI. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Named NPCs now have different breast sizes, controllable via NPC Settings. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Updated Settings export/import to include new settings. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Monster boys and girls now have silhouettes for each species, and accompanying penises where appropriate. Art corutesy of PurityGuy.
Gave canine and cat monster boys and girls their own penises. Art courtesy of PurityGuy.
Added location art to Gwylan's shop and the wolf cave. Art courtesy of Anon.
Adjusted beast ejaculation text.
Thanks to larsrand for code improvements.
Added new lines to the scream, plead and demand actions that mention the PC's love interest. These lines can influence the PC's fame. Thanks to Harcher and PurityGuy.
You can now choose your love interest in the attitudes menu. NPCs become available as certain criteria is met. High awareness allows a second love interest to be chosen. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Generic and named NPCs will now react to the PC mentioning a love interest. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Added the Cattle feat and a few special feats.

Balance Changes
Bailey will now sell the PC to the underground brothel the fourth time they sell them off.
Submissive and defiant acts outside combat now have a much bigger impact on the PC's submissiveness/defiance.
The temple event leading to the stone pendant and brass statuette now triggers more frequently, and finding the items will be prioritised should they not be found already.
Added the attitudes menu to Eden's cabin.

Bug Fixes
You'll no longer be described as hiding among trees while swimming in the lake. Thanks to larsrand.
Fixed a bug that prevented lewdity from increasing as often as intended at the Connudatus market.
Fixed the leaky roof at the photo studio.
Shoving NPCs who grope your ass on the streets now decreases stress as advertised.
Thanks to Klorpa for numerous minor fixes.
Fixed a bug causing the student involved in Leighton's brothel scene to be described as having a pussy regardless of their actual genitals.
Fixed a bug that broke the description of your chastity belt in the sidebar. Thanks to larsrand.
Fixed a problem with some pillories being described in an odd way.
Fixed a bug causing beasts to become overly careful when trying to fuck your ass through a chastity belt.
Fixed a bug that caused beasts to rub their penis against your "naked" through your underwear.
Fixed a bug that prevented beast penis from damaging your underwear during encounters.
Fixed a bug that caused your chastity belt to be described as though it were alive during the hospital parasite treatment scene.
Fixed a gamebreaking error found when accosted by screaming when accosted by sailors when blindfolded.
Masochism should now be taken into account during the compound interrogation sequence.
Thanks to Dinesty30 for fixing an error found during swarm encounters.
Fixed a bug that caused Whitney to be referred to with the victim's pronouns when willingly helping them rob someone.
Fixed a number of bugs that prevented the genitals of beasts in groups from generating properly.
Fixed an error that appeared when assualted by packs of dogs or wolves while blindfolded.
Thanks to CasaBlanc for typo fixes.
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes.
Included a new clothing sanity checker to help debug in the future.
Fixed a bug that could cause term time to start incorrectly.
Fixed a minor clothing error.
Fixed a bug that caused body-writing to display on the wrong layer.
Fixed a bug that caused the tattoo feat boost to allocate random tattoos to places that were specified.
Fixed a minor bug involving Whitney.
Drinking herbal booze should no longer pass more time than advertised.
Fixed a minor sidebar text problem.
Fixes a bug involving tentacle images.
Disabled cheat button on second passage to avoid issues.
Fixed bugs that could result from arousal becoming negative.
Fixed a bug that reset arousal when sleeping.
Fixed a bug that caused male PCs to cum in their own mouths whenever they orgasmed.
Fixed a bug that prevented virginity from working as intended.
Fixed a bug that caused a couple of events to reset on load or page refresh.
Fixed a bug that gave tentacle hit actions the wrong colour.
Fixed a bug that confused Bailey and made them wake you for school in the middle of the night.
Fixed a bug that could make the PC sleep for longer than intended.
Fixed a bug that prevented towel colours from working as intended.
The virginity recorder should now take the full NPC description into account.
Fixed a bug that prevented the PC to dress following a Robin sex scene.
Fixed a bug that prevented swarms from functioning as intended.
Fixed the incomplete cursed message in the shop.
Minor text fixes and code improvements.


0.2.12.5
NPCs now sometimes decide to release their grip on the PC's mask should their attempt to remove it be thwarted.
Added autofellatio and autocunnilingus for characters that have the cat transformation or very high dancing skill. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Improved the code behind masturbation action UI. Also thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
The Chastity Vow trait will now become a Broken Vow trait should you lose your virginity, rather than just disappearing.

Bug Fixes
Fixed a pronoun problem found when a girl is called up to the front of the class by Sirris.
Fixed a pronoun problem found when cumming inside a woman's ass.
Fixed a bug that caused feeding the wolf pups to take longer than advertised.
NPCs pulling at your mask with both hands will no longer be described as doing so three times.
Disabling anal in settings will now prevent NPCs from rimming you.
Fixed a bug that prevented cheat menu changes to vaginal virginity from applying properly.
Fixed a bug that prevented NPCs from properly sucking your nipples.
Thanks to Hexogen for the following fixes:
Fixed a bug that left the PC's attitude towards consensual sex blank on old saves.
Fixed a bug that prevented secondary custom colours from setting properly.
Fixed a bug that prevented cat images from appearing in the missionary position.
Fixed a bug that prevented slime images from appearing during encounters.
Fixed a bug that prevented NPCs from commenting on your chastity belt while trying to fuck your ass.
Fixed a bug that could prevent the game from acknowledging the PC's head being pressed against an NPC's breast.
Swarms should now be described properly during encounters.
Fixed a bug that prevented male Leighton from acting properly after witnessing the PC and other student lewd each other.
The tattoo scene in the dungeon should no longer ignore clothing beneath your waist.
Other minor fixes.
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes:
Fixed a bug that prevented whacking pens with your right hand from working properly.
Fixed an issue that would have caused problems if new clothing shops were added in the future.
Trying on an outfit with primary colour options will no longer break the outfit.
Other minor clothing system fixes.
Added missing breast bite combat colour.

0.2.12.4
Fixed a bug found when interrupted while masturbating at your market stall.
Fixed a bug that prevented the sidebar sprite's right arm from staying inside its sleeve when covering your genitals.
Fixed an error found when haggling while bottomless.
Fixed a bug that allowed NPCs to stuff two cocks in your ass when they weren't meant to.
Masturbating to six orgasms in one session will no longer be described as five orgasms.
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe and 00c356 for investigating an issue that prevents old Android devices from running the game.
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes.
Fixed an error found when accosted by a wolf in the temple garden.
Fixed a problem with highlight colours during combat.
Fixed a minor save system UI issue.
Fixed an issue found when recieving vaginal sex.
The haggling display at the market stall will now display pennies, rather than rounding down to the nearest pound.

0.2.12.3
Fixed a bug that caused an error in the sidebar for characters with long hair. Thanks to slenderostrich.
Fixed an error found when masturbating at the stall on Connudatus street. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed an error found when sleeping. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe and Spectacular.
Improved code responsible for plant growh. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Being vaginally and anally penetrated in doggy position with your arms bound will no longer leave a gaping hole in the vaginal NPC's silhouette. Art courtesy of PurityGuy.
Fixed a bug that broke physique and tiredness after watering all plants at Eden's cabin or the wolf cave.
Removed the z, n and enter hotkeys during masturbation due to issues on mobile devices. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed a bug that caused UI issues when covering your body. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed a bug that caused NPCs to be described with male pronouns during combat, regardless of their actual gender. Also thanks to Lollipop Scythe.

0.2.12.2
Added the Hawker, Vendor, Merchant, Seedy, and Green Fingered feats.
Added an Alternative, Submissive and Defiant default action sets that can be swapped to mid-combat. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Improved performance during combat. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.

Bug fixes
Fixed a bug that prevented action defaults from setting correctly. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed a problem with the control context text for breasts and nipples. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Minor text fixes to action defaults. Also thanks to Lollipop Scythe.

0.2.12.1
Increased the speed that the temple garden is cleared.

Bug Fixes
Fixed a bug that caused additional flower species to be discovered by searching for seeds in the orphanage garden.
Fixed a bug that caused images to overlap the "Next" button during encounters.
Attending swimming class naked after Leighton's commandment will no longer be incorrectly advertised as increasing delinquency.
Seducing another inmate in the asylum will no longer appear to take place at the beach.

0.2.12.0
Mason can now be interacted with at the lake on rainy weekends and holidays.
Added the Tending skill, which measures your ability to nurture plants and animals.
Working in the temple garden, the garden outside Eden's cabin, and the gardens of Danube Street improve the tending skill.
Added the option to soothe the tentacles that attack you in the temple garden, Danube Street mansions, and at Eden's cabin.
Added flower beds to the orphanage garden. Various flowers can be grown here. The soil must be tilled, and the plants must be watered daily, unless it rains. Growing flowers improves the tending skill.
Added tendable plots to the clearings outside Eden's cabin and the wolf cave. They function like the flower beds in the orphanage garden, but are larger, taking longer to work and producing more.
Added a small flower bed to the asylum.
Different species of flower are valued differently, and have different growth times. Harvest size is influenced by tending skill, plot size, and soil quality.
Seeds for different species can be found around town in natural areas. Some seeds require a certain science skill before they can be recognised.
You can now rent a stall on Connudatus Street. The office is open from 6:00 until 9:00 in the morning, and the stall remains yours until 21:00 or 9:00 pm that day. You can sell your produce there.
Attractiveness, your fame for business, your tending skill, and the variety of your stock will help attract customers. The seduction skill and a willingness to flirt can help keep them.
Flowers have a standard value, but you have influence over how much you charge. Some NPCs will want to haggle. Cunning use of discounts may yield greater returns in the long run. Successful sales improve business fame.
Exhibitionist PCs can have some fun while waiting for customers.
Using your charms too aggressively might cause anger and resentment among your customers.
Added "Produce sold" to the statistics overlay.
Added a simple harassment event to the town's streets.
Added another simple event to the town's streets, found during the day. Could cause problems for characters wearing a skirt with no underwear.
Another dark creature roams the streets at night, and can be encountered rarely. Requires severe hallucinations and tentacles enabled.
Added an event triggered by passing out in the orphanage, replacing the existing abduction encounter in this location. The old event can still be found by passing out on the town's streets.
Added a simple event to the town's streets that appears if the PC has high crime.
Added a simple event to the forest to encourage wearing shoes.
Added an event to the asylum.
Added the option to wash your face in the school and park toilets, removing lewd fluid and non-permanent ink.
Added the "Skill check display" option to the general tab of settings, letting you display or hide the percentage chance of success for skill checks.
The PC can now have a spring unearthed in the orphanage garden. Requires befriending Mason, and convincing Bailey.
Added a simple event to the orphanage, triggered by the above improvement.
Thanks to 00c356 for various dev tools and code improvements.
Added the Mason's Secret feat.
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following additions and improvements:
Improved the code responsible for actions during encounters with humans and beasts.
Actions are now selected via a drop down list, rather than a radiobutton display.
List box border colour changes depending on the action.
Converted tentacle combat controls to a similar system.
Added an improved version of the radiobutton set up for those who prefer it.
You can choose between radiobuttons and the drop down list via the SAVES/OPTIONS overlay.
Added gold highlighting for each type of action context when context changes.
You can now choose default encounter actions in the attitudes menu.
Different defaults can be selected for different types of NPCs.
The available options expand alongside that options that are available to the PC during encounters.
Re-designed the save menu with help from 00c356.
Added Save Name to the general tab in settings.
Above change will show in the save menu when a save is exported.
Autosaves can now include a name.
Added a new feat for the demon transformation.
Blocked making and exporting saves on the start passages to avoid issues.
Save/Load/Delete now apepar locked when they are not available.
Minor css adjustments for delete buttons, and other CSS changes.
Feats will now only transfer to new games to prevent save scumming.
Added a tattoo feat boost that allows up to five random and selected body parts to begin with tattoos. Requires the "Billboard" and "A Living Canvas" feats to unlock.
The tattoos themselves can be random or selected.
Permanent versions can be added by changing the tattoo type to brand.
Added a reminder to the starting text about settings.
Updated feats text to reflect recent changes.
Improved the default UI in attitudes.
Added game zoom to the general tab of settings.
Added a body-writing images toggle.
Moved the "Begin" link at the game's start to the top of the page.
General code improvements.

Balance Changes
The time it takes to clean up the temple garden is now dependent on the tending skill.
Reduced the chance of having your clothes torn by thickets in the forest.
The Orgasm Addict trait now increases the amount of lewd fluid produced on orgasm.
Increased the rate athletics increases.

Bug Fixes
The submissive option found when sneaking through someone's garden via the residential alleyways now provides towels as advertised.
Fixed a bug that prevented the virginties tracker in statistics from remembering the NPC who took your virginity.
Fixed a bug that could make the PC grow a penis if assaulted after passing out in the orphanage.
Seducing the NPC during the random event on the beach will now indicate that your seduction skill has increased.
Fixed a bug that caused your top to be damaged while playing volleyball, even when topless. Thanks to larsrand.
Beasts and tentacles will no longer be describe as "people" when ending a consensual encounter with your attitude set to submissive. Thanks to larsrand.
Fixed a bug that could prevent text for large breasts from appearing during a certain event. Also thanks to larsrand.
The Christmas skirt will no longer be described as a shirt in some places. Thanks to CasaBlanc.
Fixed a bug that prevented traits on legwear and footwear from applying as intended, and could prevent those items being stored properly.
Fixed a bug found when encountering angry NPCs. Thanks to 00c356.
Fixed a bug found when NPCs admire the PC's clothing. Also thanks to 00c356.
Fixed a bug that broke the park icon Linux.
Avery will on longer ask the PC to attend a party with them, then surprise them with a trip to the restaurant. Or the other way round.
Fixed some Winter gender confusion when showing them your gold chastity belt.
Fixed a bug that tricked Kylar into thinking you're wearing a chastity belt when you were not.
Fixed a bug that caused shoulder tattoos and bodywriting to appear above clothes.
Male PC's will now have the option to pray for smaller, rather than bigger, breasts should they have small but unmistakable breasts.
Bailey will no longer materialise as a random rapist after tricking them in their office.
Encounters with Eden will no longer increase sex fame without sex occurring.
Avery will no longer remain on Domus Street after driving away.
Fixed a bug that prevented an encounter during swimming class from ending due to interruption from Mason.
Fixed a bug that caused an encounter during swimming class to end after one turn, and caused the NPCs to act like they successfully stole the PC's swimwear.
Fixed a bug causing underwear to appear on the floor instead of around the PC's ankles.
Fixed a bug that caused a broken image when the PC's skirt was pulled down to their ankles while in the missionary position.
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes:
Fixed a bug that could break beast sprites.
Fixed a typo found whne audiences comment on the PC.
Fixed chastity code during an event.
Fixed a bug regarding insecurity fix.
Fixed an error found when transforming into a wolfboy/girl.
Fixed a bug causing default moves to fail to work as intended when the situation changes.
Fixed a bug involving the PC's penis.
Fixed a bug breaking skin tone when reloading the game.
Fixed a bug that broke thin screen stat icon colours.
Made breast size descriptions and images more consistent.
Thanks to araven for the following fixes:
The flavour text found when swimming while covered in copious amounts of lewd fluid will now show.
The flavour text found when playing darts in the orphanage with high hand skill will now show.
Refusing a solicitation triggered by prostitution body-writing will now take a more submissive form should the PC's submissiveness be high enough.
Fixed a bug that prevented wolves from giving aid to an exposed PC in the temple gardens despite their status in the pack warranting it.
Fixed a typo found when kissing Robin after a trip to the cinema.
Other fixes to debug and in-development content.


0.2.11.0
Added new events for exposed characters sneaking through the park and alleyways. Each area has a different event.
Avery will now sometimes take the PC to a party instead of a restaurant when out on a date. Skill in dancing will be useful, but the competition can be nasty.
Added more boats out at sea, the crews of which are less hostile than the existing ones. They're willing to help the PC back to shore, but may ask for something in return.
Added a potentially dangerous event for exposed characters sneaking through the town's streets at night.
Added an event that can trigger on the town's streets while exposed during the day.
Exposed characters can buy sweets from a service station on the High Street at night, with a couple of results. Requires exhibitionism 3 if wearing underwear or equivalent, and exhibitionism 5 if naked. The scenes are longer if naked.
The wardrobe will now display information about the items you're wearing, including their traits and description. Thanks to larsrand and Lollipop Scythe.
Exiting the orphanage at night is now considered an exhibitionism 2 act if wearing underwear or equivalent, and an exhibitionism 4 act if naked.
The orphanage can now be exited during the day while exposed as an exhibitionism 3 act while wearing underwear or equivalent, and an exhibitionism 5 act if naked.
The strip club and brothel can also be exited while exposed using similar rules to the orphanage. The strip club's security might try to stop you.
The strip club and brothel can now be accessed during active hours while exposed, though getting spotted is likely.
Added brief scenes for leaving the orphanage, club and brothel while undressed at night and at day.
Added changing rooms to the dance studio, where you can store your clothes if you're wearing a leotard beneath.
You can now leave the dance studio in just a leotard or similar as an Exhibitionism 2 act.
The exhibitionism boost from going outside undressed only applies once per day per location.
Added a bit more flavour when the PC is forced to cover themselves when exposed.
Swimming and physique checks out in the world now display a description of your chances of success, including a percentage.
Split some of physique's functionality into a separate skill, called athletics. Physique checks that involve running and similar now check athletics instead.
Athletics is unaffected by player size, and does not decay. Actions like running at the park or beach improve athletics. Actions that improve athletics also improve physique.
Actions that check athletics are marked as such, and display the percentage chance of success.
Added a short event to the forest outskirts.
The close-up sprites now show chastity belts. Art courtesy of PurityGuy, and coded by Lollipop Scythe with input from Airks.
Attending swimming class nude will slowly influence your classmates, resulting in new events and eventually making Leighton demand the entire class attend naked. Thanks to TreeFrogSoup.
Thanks to ivala for fixing several merge conflicts.
Thanks to 00c356 for adding a magical local scope object.
Added the Neck Deep, Ballroom Show-off, Under the Table and Pub Crawl Victors feats.
Thanks to bsin for the following additions and improvements:
NPCs may now take advantage of NPCs locked in the pillory by milking them of lewd fluids, or actual milk.
Added a number of smaller events that can happen to NPCs trapped in the pillory.
A stressed, traumatised PC now has more ways to torment NPCs trapped in the pillory.
Robin now cares about your pleasure when you stay in their room at night, though they'll need enough confidence to act on it.
Playing arcade games with your arms bound is now hard.
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following additions and improvements:
Expanded the clothing system to enable coats and other "over" clothing in the future, and to allow attachments between different clothing slots.
Adjustments and additions to the skin colour system to enable tanlines.
Reworked the attitudes page.
Added a confirmation for the settings pages when feats would be disabled in some way.
Improved the code controlling the moon.
A legion of smaller clothing system improvements.
A minor performance improvement when time passes.
February can now have a leap year day, though it will not apply to old saves that have passed it.
Fixed an exploit that allowed players to control the weather like some sort of wizard.
General code improvements resulting in a small performance boost.
Improved transformation code, improving performance during end-of-day calculations.
Added stat icons to the sidebar when closed, which should help players with thin screens.
Added toggle to Save/Options, disabled by default.
Added the option to separate outfits into their component pieces at the wardrobe.
Improved the code responsible for tracking antiques.
Added a way to look around the museum to keep track of what's found and see how many antiques are missing.
Updated the requirement for the It Belongs in a Museum! feat.
Added a description of the PC's virginities to the Statistics overlay.
Added the "Extra Stats" tab to the Statistics overlay, which lists the exact values of various stats.

Balances Changes
Increased the chance NPCs will write fame or beauty-based lines on the PC should the requirements be met.
Leotards are no longer considered lewd within the dance studio.
Reduced the rate willpower decays.
Leaving your bedroom wearing just underwear or equivalent now requires level 2 exhibitionism acts unlocked, down from 3.
NPCs will no longer write on your cheeks while you wear a mask.
Swimming across the river in the forest now has a chance of success based on swimming skill, rather than automatically failing should the requirement not be met.
Swimming away from molesters in the school pool is now harder at lower skill, but easier at high skill.
The seas are now more treacherous for characters with poor swimming ability. The new sea event eases this somewhat, providing a way to be saved.
Many athletics skill checks are easier or harder than the physique checks they replaced, depending on your character's size.
Holding your breath in the fountain when robbing a mansion on Danube Street now checks swimming skill, instead of physique.
Lowered the exhibitionism required to leave the dressing rooms at the brothel and strip club while naked or wearing just underwear.
Praying and meditating on your insecurities can now only be done once per day, but is much more effective.
Reduced the chance of NPCs choosing to write on the PC.

Bug Fixes
Fixed a duplicate line of text found when having your virginity examined at the temple. Thanks to YetAnotherDeviant.
Fixed a bug that caused a rogue pair of breasts or nipples to intrude on the scene when NPCs lick the PC's nipple.
Fixed a couple of places where the PC would be described as dressing like a member of one sex while actually being dressed as the other.
Whitney will no longer give the PC a pass on wearing underwear if they're already wearing a chastity belt.
Fixed a bug that caused the journal entry about smuggled goods to linger after attempting to steal them.
Thanks to YetAnotherDeviant for fixing some typos.
Thanks to Klorpa for numerous spacing fixes.
Fixed a leak in the roof of the resaurant Avery takes you to.
Fixed a bug that caused NPCs seduced in the school changing rooms to cum immediately, if the PC was caughed crossdressing.
Fixed a typo during Briar's raid. Thanks to bsin.
Fixed errors found when NPCs are trapped in the pillory. Also thanks to bsin.
The forest shop will no longer give out belly dancer's bottoms for free.
Under tops will now be acknowledged when the PC covers their chest, or chooses not to.
The NPC who tries to steal the PC's clothes on the beach will no longer steal clothes they fail to remove during the encounter, and the encounter will no longer end prematurely.
Eating with Kylar will now be correctly marked as decreasing jealousy.
Fixed a number of inaccuracies in swimming difficulty descriptions while at sea.
Fixed a bug that caused the game to search for an image that doesn't exist.
Wolfboys and wolfgirls should now be able to transform the PC like regular wolves.
Fixed a bug that made Morgan's traps in the old sewers more dangerous than intended.
Fixed a gamebreaking error that was caused by NPCs trying to write a specific line.
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes:
Fixed a bug that prevented excited text from displaying when outside and exposed.
Fixed a large number of bugs in the clothing system.
Fixed a problem found when Eden ejaculations.
Fixed a couple of bugs that prevented clothing sets from working as intended.
Fixed a bug that caused problems with stripping/toweling with discard enabled.
Fixed a bug that prevented broken outfit pieces from discarding properly.
Fixed a bug that allowed "cursed" clothing like collars to be removed when not intended.
Fixed a bug that caused the PC to become naked when equipping your sleeping set should it be missing or already wearing part of it.
Fixed a variable conflict involving the wardrobe.
Fixed a bug found when deleting items of clothing.
Improved the accuracy of broken clothing checks.
Thanks for bsin for the following fixes:
Whitney and Leighton should no longer adopt the gender of another NPC when entering the pillory.
Whitney no longer slips their cuffs to drag you places and bully you while being hauled away by police.
Leighton no longer slips their cuffs to go sit in their office and pretend nothing is wrong.
Whitney no longer slips out of the pillory to harass the player and hang out in the park.
Leighton no longer slips out of the pillory to hang out at Briar's place.
Fixed a glitch that allowed the PC to repeatedly frame someone in quick succession.
Some grammar fixes.

0.2.11.1
Added art to represent the heart, paw print, flower, skull, flame, butterfly, unicorn, star and cross tattoos to the sidebar, doggy and missionary sprites. Art courtesy of PurityGuy.
Added more bodywriting art to the sidebar and encounter sprites to better distinquish between writing accompanied by an arrow, and writing without an arrow. Art also courtesy of PurityGuy.
You can now ask Winter for hints on antique locations. Written by PurityGuy and coded by Lollipop Scythe.
Added the cheongsam, short cheongsam, cable knit turtleneck, turtleneck jumper, and v neck to the clothing shop. Art courtesy of KG.

Balance Changes
Made the regular turtleneck more revealing.

Bug Fixes
Fixed an error found in the brothel. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe and bsin.
Fixed an error found in the clothing shops.
Female NPCs will now longer mistake their hand for yours while masturbating.
Fixed a bug that hide some of the right shoulder bodywriting on the sidebar sprite.
Fixed a bug that could make bodywriting appear in the wrong spot while grappled in the missionary position.
Bodywriting will no longer be concealed by the PC's blush.

Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes:
Fixed a bug that caused the ear slime to forbid clothing without being present.
Fixed a bug that prevented clothing shops from working.
Fixed a bug that caused the pain icon on thin screens to be red when it shouldn't.
Fixed a bug that broke outfit set colours.
Fixed a bug caused by test code that was left in by mistake.
Fixes and tidying of swimming events.
Angels will now keep their halos nice and clean.
Fixed skin colour description in characteristics.
The "Most Innocent" feat is no longer obtainable by sleeping through the first day.

0.2.11.2
Fixed a gamebreaking bug found when trying to swim across forest rivers.
Fixed a bug that would cause Leighton to materialise as a random rapist.
Fixed a bug that would make Mason pretend you're naked even when wearing your swimming costume.
Fixed a bug that caused text and action repetitions when daydreaming during swimming class.
Fixed a few bugs that caused errors when trying to return items in the clothing shop. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe and Airks
Removed a duplicated line of text found when complimenting Avery before a date.

Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following:
Updated the randomised clothing feat boost.
Fixed a bug found in the underwater ruins.
Fixed a bug found when trying to overwrite outfit sets.
Fixed a bug involving the wolf transformation.
Fixed wardrobe slot information in shops.
Added new custom colour toggles to allow for randomized custom colours.
Updated clothing code to use the new outfit system.


0.2.10.6
Having body-writing or tattoos noticed in the school hallways will no longer lead straight into another event.
Fixed an error found when attacked while delivering a note during maths class. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Strap-ons can no longer appear with the slider set to 0, and will always appear if set to 100.
Fixed a bug that prevented crime and stolen goods from working properly on old saves.
Fixed a bug that prevented one of the events from triggering when interrupted while bathing at the orphanage.
NPCs will no longer refer to cages as belts during encounters.
Fixed a mistake in the "£10 a pop" body-writing.
The "Strip all" option at wardrobes will no longer remove collars and other "cursed" items. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed an error found during the deviancy 5 tentacle encounter on the street.
Fixed a bug that prevented towels from being stripped at the lake and similar locations. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.

0.2.10.5
Added a "Natural features" option for new characters, letting you choose if your character's body is masculine, feminine or androgynous independent of gender selection.
Fallen angel wings will now cover the PC when exposed and embarrassed.
The mesh shirt and sou'wester now animate on the sidebar sprite. Art courtesy of KG.
Added punk shades to the clothing shop. Art courtesy of KG.
The normal and text only version now have a favicon. Thanks to shikiyoku.

Balance Changes
NPCs will now be slightly aroused by the violent acts they perform.
Flashbacks will now occur every two weeks at a minimum, rather than one week, for a given location.

Bug Fixes
Fixed an issue that caused markings on the PC's pubic area to be described improperly.
Fixed a bug that could cause catastrophic failure on some devices.
Body-writing and forced tattoos will now be neabled by default.
Fixed a problem with one of the sporty bra images.
Running into a dog while blindfolded with beast encounters disabled will no longer send you to a normal street passage.
Fixed a bug that caused money for cinema tickets to be deducted when inviting Robin to the cinema, even if they refuse.
Fixed a bug that caused Sirris to materialise as a rapist.
Fixed a bug that caused the Whitney panties event to repeat. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed a bug that caused NPCs to take clothes when they aren't meant to. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed a bug that caused outfits to split in half when equipping an item over one piece. Also thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed a bug that caused dyeing your hair to be output text as if you had it cut. Thanks to YetAnotherDeviant.
Thanks to YetAnotherDeviant for fixing a typo.
Fixed a capitalisation error on one of the body-writing options.
Fixed a bug that caused the PC to be described as "dressed only in their genitals" when modelling on Domus Street.
Fixed a bug that would prevent visible genitals from impacting gender appearance on old saves.
Fixed a small continuity error found when having your virginity examined at the temple.
Fixed an error found when NPCs try to write a deviant line on the PC.
Fixed a misalignment issue with missionary sprite shorts.
Fixed a bug that prevented flashbacks from triggering at school, and in the underground dungeon.
Fixed a bug that caused attacks to trigger flashbacks without the "Flashbacks" trait.
Fixed a bug that prevented flashbacks from triggering.
Fixed a bug that caused shops to be in the "closing" state all night, preventing nightly activities.
Fixed a bug causing encounter sprites to animate when they shouldn't.

0.2.10.4
Fixed a gamebreaking bug found when accosted after delivering a note during maths class.
Fixed a couple of errors found when NPCs examine body-writing.
Fixed an issue that broke encounters found when interrupted while bathing, and caused NPCs to unload before the end of the scene.
Giving or sharing a milkshake with Robin will no longer dump the PC at Robin's door.
Fixed a bug found when robbin homes on Domus Street that broke a few stats related to crime, including the value of held stolen goods. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for repairing the damage to old saves.
Fixed a bug that interfered with NPC data when giving a monk or nun a hand while cleaning the temple, breaking the scene.
Fixed an error found when clearing your chest of swarms.
Fixed a bug that caused angel and demon wings to materialise and cover the PC's nudity when they aren't meant to.
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes:
Fixed a bug that broke the pain and arousal stats.
Fixed a problem with the witch skirt.
Fixed an error in the generalRuined widget.
Fixed an issue with demon and angel sidebar layers.

0.2.10.3
Fixed a bug preventing arousal from decaying.
Added a check to make problems with pain less catastropic.
The "Billboard" feat is now attainable.
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes:
Fixed a minor error relating to the traits menu.
Fixed a variable conflict that caused an infinite loop when buying five items in the shop.
Fixed several issues found when sending clothes to the wardrobe.
Fixed a number of errors and conflicts within the widgets responsible for equipping and removing clothes.
Fixed an error found when NPCs read bodywriting.

0.2.10.2
Added a "Bodywriting and forced tattoos" toggle to settings.

Bug fixes
NPCs will no longer be able to see the PC's breasts on the street while the PC is properly clothed.
Fixed a bug that caused NPCs to notice non-existent tattoos and body writing.
Fixed a bug that prevented encounter sprites from displaying during tentacle encounters.
Fixed a bug that would prevent clothes from being adjusted back to their proper positions.
Fixed an error found when NPCs respond to "£100" written on the PC.
Fixed a bug preventing virginities being lost.
Fixed an error that could appear when the PC's skin was 
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes:
Fixed a couple of issues found when NPCs steal clothes from the PC.
Fixed an issue with legwear.
Fixed a bug that caused errors in shops.
Fixed a bug preventing forest clothing names from displaying properly.
Fixed an issue that could appear when clothes were ruined.
Fixed an issue causing a large number of errors on old saves.

0.2.10.1
Restricted NPC bodywriting dialogue to NPCs that make sense (not Robin.)

0.2.10.0
Added a bodywriting and tattoo system.
NPCs will try to write degrading things on the PC during non-consensual encounters. What they write is influenced by the different lewd fame stats, combat fame, and beauty.
Pens can be whacked from the NPC's hand when they first pull them out as a bratty action.
NPCs will notice bodywriting during encounters. Different lines have different effects on NPCs who read them:
Lines paired with an arrow pointing at a bodypart will encourage NPCs to fuck you there.
Some lines will encourage NPCs to give money. Success depends on the amount asked for, how the NPC feels and the PC's attractiveness. Will reduce NPC trust and increase anger, especially if it fails.
Some lines will make NPCs less inclined to play along with your requests.
Some lines will make NPCs more inclined to violence.
Some lines will make NPCs think the PC more girly or boyish.
Prostitution, sex, rape, beast, exhibitionism, and combat fame can be increased by NPCs reading certain lines.
NPCs will write in regular pen or permanent marker. Pen can be washed off, while marker will fade after an indeterminate length of time.
Added art to represent bodywriting to the sidebar, doggy, and missionary sprites. Other tattoos don't yet have art, with the exception of the heart tattoo when placed on the pubic area. Art courtesy of PurityGuy.
Added a tattoo parlour to the High Street shopping centre. Text and objects drawn on the PC's body can be made permanent there. Lewd tattoos have a promiscuity or deviancy requirement, and tattoos in a lewd location have an exhibitionism requirement. They also have a selection of their own designs available.
Intentionally getting a tattoo restores control. Intentionally getting a lewd tattoo, whether lewd due to its location or the subject, restores more control.
Added information about current bodywriting and tattoos to the Characteristics overlay.
Added a bit more variety to NPC behaviour during encounters, particularly when angry.
Added a simple event to the school hallways wherein students recognise visible lewd bodywriting.
Robin can notice bodywriting on the PC's face in the school canteen, and Kylar can notice exposed bodywriting while chatting to the PC.
Whitney and their friends will write unique things on the PC given the opportunity.
Added a Whitney event to the school gates for characters in a relationship with them.
Added a Whitney event involving the shopping centre, which can trigger in the playground after school.
Tattoos can be removed at the hospital.
Renamed a couple of feats.
Added a couple of events to the town's streets for characters with visible bodywriting. One requires the writing suggest the PC is a prostitute.
New victims of the underground brothel will now be tattooed with their status.
Added Stockholm syndrome development indictors to Eden's cabin and the wolf cave.
Added the ability to write lewd advertisements on your skin at your bedroom mirror.
Extended the street tentacle event with deviancy 3 and deviancy 5 options. The latter requires the PC be wearing a skirt with no undies. Thanks to larsrand.
Added visual representation to combat sprites for the angel, fallen angel, demon, and cat transformations. Thanks to sseshess and PurityGuy.
Angels and demons will now use their transformation assets to cover themselves on the sidebar sprite when exposed. Art courtesy of PurityGuy.
Added new horns and tail for the demon transformation. Art courtesy of PurityGuy.
The fallen angel halo now animates. Art also courtesy of PurityGuy.
Added damage states to the sidebar sprite for overalls and jeans. Thanks to KG.
Added seven feats: Top of the Food Chain, A Living Canvas, Billboard, Science Fair Winner, Maths Competition Winner, Illicit Science, and Mouth Sealed Shut. 
Thanks to pettan for reworking how gender appearance is determined:
Each visible garment and accessory now contributes to your overall appearance, rather than only the one the game deems the most "important". Bulges caused by penises and breasts also contribute, depending on size and coverage. Aroused big penises are hard to conceal. Hair level and physique contribute a little.
Visible genitals still have a big impact on appearance.
Added a gender section to the mirror, which breaks down the factors influencing your appearance. 
You can now adopt a gender posture in front of the mirror, increasing your masculinity or femininity. Effectiveness depends on your English skill.
Improved gyaru skin tones, particularly around a middling tan.
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following additions and improvements:
Added contrast and sepia options to custom clothing colours.
Added a "Reset selected to default" option to the custom colours UI.
Added the ability to reset feats on the start passage. Can be reverted by loading a save.
Improvements to custom colour code.
Reworked and reintroduced lewd fluid for female characters. Should now be more authentic.
Improved overlay code so errors will tend to be less catastrophic.
Added an option to lighten the background behind the sidebar character sprite.
Significant performance improvements.
Adjustments and fixes for the new bodywriting and tattoo system.
Incorporated bodywriting and tattoos into the new gender appearance system.
Made the "Crossdresser" trait acquirable through play.
Reworked clothing code under the hood to prepare for future additions.
Thanks to bsin for the following additions and improvements:
Unpopular, well behaved PCs now have a chance of being pranked in the history class dress up event. There are multiple ways of handling the situation.
Winter can now notice ears and horns in addition to collars.
Skulduggerous PCs may now have the opportunity to turn the tables on book-dropping bullies.
Briar's establishment can now suffer raids from the police. Multiple outcomes are possible and depend mostly on skulduggery and criminality.
Bringing Briar's fine establishment into disrepute may result in Briar inviting you to assist the police in their enquiries. Becomes increasingly likely when robbing customers at Briar's place, but will only happen after a raid and with very high crime.

Balance Changes
Split transformations into two categories. Wolf and cat belong to one. Angel, fallen angel and demon belong to the other. You can have a transformation from each category. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Staying put while the wolf pack hunts will now increase their trust and progress towards developing Stockholm syndrome.
Failing to defy an ear slime on the town's streets will now cause subsequent attempts to automatically succeed for the rest of the day.

Bug Fixes
The belly dancer's top and bottoms now have the "Dance" trait.
Fixed an issue preventing virginity loss from functioning as intended.
Fixed an error message found when emphasising your breasts while in competition at the strip club bar.
Thanks to YetAnotherDeviant for fixing a host of typos.
Fixed a pronoun issue found when Bailey saves a resident from an intruder.
Fixed an error found when successfully punching your way through a gang outside the strip club.
Making Bailey cum at the hospital will now award the "Bailey's Trouble Maker" feat.
Fixed a couple of issues surrounding virginity during the Raul and Janet sequence. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed a bug causing overall school performance to desync from from performance in individual classes.
Fixed a bug causing a gang to cum immediately when molesting the PC during a maths class event.
Being whored out by Bailey at night will now increment the forced prostitution stat and increase prostitution fame as intended.
Fixed a bug that prevented semen and milk level descriptions from displaying. Thanks to YetAnotherDeviant.
Fighting the three bullies you meet on the streets will no increase stress as advertised.
Reaching max stress in the brothel showers will now cause the PC to pass out, rather than simply giving the option to.
Whitney will no longer escape the dungeon just to tell the PC they're becoming their boy/girlfriend, before disappearing again.
Getting stuck in a wall in the industrial alleyways will no longer teleport the PC to the commercial alleyways.
Fixed an issue causing arms to disappear behind tops when giving handjobs.
Fixed a bug causing the ends of tentacles to appear to turn into human penises when receving handjobs from the PC in a missionary position.
Fixed a bug that could cause an error when wearing a long skirt, short cut skirt, or long cut skirt during an encounter.
Fixed a bug that would seemingly cause Robin to appear as a rapist after sharing milkshake with them.
Fixed a bug causing NPCs to be stunned to inactivity when faced with an anal shield while attempting to rim the PC.
Fixed a bug causing Kylar to escape prison with no memory of the PC.
Fixed a bug causing a patron to steal a member of staff's penis during one of the bartender VIP scenes.
Bras will now be removed when stripping for hospital procedures.
Fixed a bug that prevented the tentacle image from displaying when rubbing the PC's bottom or anus. Thanks to larsrand.
Fixed a bug causing tentacles to multiply when grabbed with your hand. Also thanks to larsrand.
Fixed a bug that prevented pills from resetting while at home with auto take off. Thanks to YetAnotherDeviant.
Fixed an issue allowing bun images to loop eternally.
Closed a futa portal activated by drinking coffee in the cafe.

0.2.9.2
Balance changes
The Anti-Social Moth feat is no longer available with the nerd background. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Increased the allure required for the Alluring feat, and it now requires you be outside.

Bug Fixes
Fixed an error that would appear when NPCs orgasm while the PC is trapped in a pillory, trapped in a wall, or using a gloryhole.
Fixed a bug that caused an error when wearing the mesh shirt. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed an error found when competing for wealthy patron's attention while working as a bartender.
Fixed a bug that would prevent the Feat Boost tab from acknowledging the Angel and Fallen Angel Feats. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed an error found on the Feat Boost tab. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed an error found when playing volleyball at the beach.
The argyle sweater vest now has a price tag.


0.2.9.1
Fixed the description of the "Being a Girl" Feat.
Fixed an error that would appear on the town's streets.


0.2.9.0
Added the option to "Attract VIPs" while bartending, giving a chance to find new events involving wealthier and more dangerous clientele.
Added the option to "Listen" while bartending, letting you eavesdrop on conversations to gain insight into the criminal underworld, protect your fellow staff, and manage threats attracted via the "Attract VIPs" option.
Smugglers are now active, and will periodically try to smuggle valuable goods into town. Landry would pay well for these goods.
Smugglers can be stumbled on should the PC be in the right place at the right time, but cunning PCs can discover their plans ahead of time.
Added a handful of events to the school grounds that give opportunities to increase status while school is in session, particulary for beautiful characters.
Added the option to breastfeed wolves at the wolf cave as a Deviancy 3 act. Requires lactation, and the Stockholm Syndrome: Wolves trait. Contributes towards the wolf transformation.
Characters that have a good relationship with River and enough money can now install a secret kitchen in the orphanage loft to help feed the orphans.
Added an unlockable event to the orphanage main hall.
Added an event to the temple. The monks and nuns often go out to solicit donations, and may ask for you to come along.
Added location images to the strip club, shopping centre, police station, museum, hospital, docks, dance studio, compound, brothel, cafe, and arcade. Art courtesy of Anon.
Added a couple of events to the town's streets, including one that can only happen during the day.
Added the "Smugglers intercepted" stat to the statistics tab.
Added a new option for defiant characters during one of Whitney's school hallways events. Thanks to PurityGuy.
Characters with level 4 exhibitionist actions unlocked can now masturbate in the temple to rapidly lower purity. Cannot be performed by angels. Demons receive additional stress reduction. Written in collaboration with PurityGuy.
NPCs will now comment on many of the PC's wardrobe choices during encounters. Written in collaboration with GuyOnline.
The asylum now has access to proper straightjackets. Art courtesy of KG.
Added the mesh shirt, khakis, cat bell collar, dress shirt, corset, gingham dress, overalls, black leather jacket, brown leather jacket, skulduggery mask, wellies, sou'wester, straw hat, and beatnik shirt to the clothing shop. Art courtesy of KG.
Wearing the cat bell collar at midnight contributes to the cat transformation.
The sou'wester has the "rainproof" trait, which protects you from the rain.
The skulduggery mask has the "stealthy" trait, making crimes harder to trace to you.
Added three new glasses and five new sunglasses to the clothing shop. Art courtesy of KG.
Added the fedora to the forest shop. Art also courtesy of KG.
You can now stroll around the lake, clothed or naked. Doing so naked requires higher exhibitionism if people are around. Written in collaboration with number361.
Having an "excited" attitude toward exposure will now change the PC's response to being stripped while playing volleyball, dancing at the studio, and during history, maths and science class. Also written in collaboration with number361.
Generic female NPCs can now use strap-ons. The proportion that use them can be adjusted in the "Game" tab on the Settings page. Thanks to NG.
Added thirteen new clothing icons. Thanks to TaiwanSmurf.
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following additions and improvements:
Added a "Feats" system, which tracks accomplishments between saves and awards VrelCoins. Can be viewed from the Statistics/Feats tab.
VrelCoins can be used at the start of a new game to improve the PC's initial situation.
Feats are only awarded on saves that have not used cheats. Soft mode and reducing the allure slider below the default value will prevent feats from unlockoing, and permanently prevent some.
Thanks to Anon for the VrelCoin art.
The game now tracks which NPC took the PC's virginity. The game won't track the NPC if they took it prior to this update however.
The money/time/day information on the sidebar is now clickable, extended it and including the date.
Removed line breaks in several places where they were inappropriate.
Added an option in Save/Options to reduce line height.
Redesigned the wardrobe UI, allowing more information (such as lewdness) to be displayed and improving performance. You can switch to the old layout in the SAVES/OPTIONS menu.
The new UI can order clothes according to name, colour, lewdity, integrity and status.
Some of the performance-improving changes should apply to the old UI as well.
Adjusted shop UI and added the option to dynamically customise the colour of most clothes.
Added varied transparency when wet.
Added default options to the forest shop.
Added a text description of the number of slots used and how many of the current item is owned to shops.
Added a small preview image of clothes that can also be viewed hidden by default to shops.
Numerous code improvements that'll make things easier to manage in the future.
Added the option to buy and send clothes home in groups of 5.

Balance Changes
Sirris' sex education will now increase awareness up to a point.
You can now escape the NPC who tries to grab you off the street and drag you into an alley where his friend awaits. Requires passing a physique check.
Adjusted the chance of encountering various events on the town's streets, alleys and park.
Street events that had a fame requirement can now trigger at any level of fame, but are initially very unlikely and increase in chance as the associated fame does.
Whitney's friends will no longer join the fight when you resist Whitney's attempt to put a parasite on you.
Reduced the number of buns required to reach each step of the chef storyline.
Increased the minimum speed values to get Perfect activity anal parasite. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Female PCs will no longer produce semen. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Adjusted semen production rates so that a bigger penis makes maintaining greater volume easier. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.

Bug Fixes
Closed a herm portal found when cleaning the temple quarters.
Wearing a chastity belt will no longer trick Whitney into think you're wearing underwear.
The diving assailant at the beach will on longer cum so much faster than other NPCs.
Fixed a bug that caused milk to apparently leak from your nipples when playing with your chest despite not lactating.
Fixed a bug causing an extra link to appear when ignoring Darryl at the bar.
Fixed the leak in the bus station roof.
Fixed a bug that prevented NPCs from making general comments about the PC as often as intended during encounters.
Dancing at the studio in a skirt will now increaes trauma, stress and arousal as intended.
Fixed a bug that caused effects that reduce milk volume to also cause lactation. Thanks to thisisawittyname.
Fixed a bug that caused lactation to trigger even if all intended causes were avoided, and caused an unintended daily milk volume increase. Also thanks to thisisawittyname.
Thanks to YetAnotherDeviant for fixing a few typos.
Thanks to Klorpa for numerous minor fixes.
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes:
Fixed an issue with anal pregnancy.
Fixed an issue with deleting items at the wardrobe.
Fixed an issue at the temple that could prevent male characters getting the chastity device they want.
Fixed an issue with skin colour setup when refreshing the page.
Fixed an issue that could reset combat in some forest encounters.
Removed duplicate milk text that could appear even if breastfeeding were disabled.
Fixed a bug preventing clothes with no colour options from becoming transparent when wet.
Fixed a number points where chastity belts would not be properly detected.
Made a change that should reduce the occurance of an error that could appear when NPCs ejaculate.
Chastity belts will no longer come alive.



0.2.8.3
Fixed a bug that caused monsterboys and girls to appear where they shouldn't. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed an error found when locked in the pillory by police. Also thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Finding the stone pendant will now unlock it in the forest shop.
Fixed an error found when roaming the streets blindfolded with bestiality disabled.
Fixed a bug causing an orphan to get Max the dog's gender wrong.
Removed phantom maggots from old saves.
Fixed a bug that could cause the host's description and pronouns to disappear during the party on Danube Street.
Fixed a softlock found when stripped on stage with low exhibitionism while under the influence of the ear slime. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
The ear slime's forced dance should no longer carry over to future dances at the brothel.
Fixed an error found when the ear slime prevents you from equipping clothes at the wardrobe.
The ear slime will now lose control while masturbating should your arms be bound.
Fixed a bug allowing you to "Displace your Naked" when masturbating without an under top.
Displacing your top with an under top beneath while masturbating will no longer describe your breasts as being revealed.
Fixed a bug that caused NPCs to think a female PC has a penis, and to increment insecurity.
Maxing Whitney and friends' arousal when they try to put a parasite on the PC will now end the encounter.

0.2.8.2
You can now remove your bra and other under tops while masturbating.
Increased the chance of finding the new treasure in the lake ruins.
Reduced masochism's influence on arousal.
Fixed an error found when encountering tentacles in the temple garden.
Fixed a bug that prevented you from telling Winter about the new treasure at the lake.
Fixed a bug that caused ear slimes to prevent you from discarding clothing. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed a couple of errors found during Friday hospital appointments. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed an error found when taking a bath in the orphanage.
Fixed an issue allowing many NPCs to break free.
Fixed an error found when ignoring a strange hole in the temple.
Fixed a bug causing some NPC actions to not vent anger as effectively as intended.
Fixed a bug causing ear slimes to continue to exert influence for days after removal.
Fixed a bug preventing the amount of cum the PC has left from displaying in Characteristics.
Fixed an error that interfered with someone's pronoun during an event at the orphanage. Thanks to CasaBlanc.
Fixed an error that interfered with someone's pronoun when trying to chat with an initiate while praying.
Fixed a number of bugs that caused wearing a chastity belt to result in unintended behaviour. Thanks to SirSkeleto.
Thanks to YetAnotherDeviant for fixing several typos.
Fixed a couple of errors found when locked in the pillory. Also thanks to YetAnotherDeviant.
Fixed a bug causing Leighton to be described as having a pussy when they should have a penis. Thanks to NG.
Fixed a bug causing maggot parasites on thighs and arms to appear to remain after being washed off.
Drinking milkshake should now properly advance twenty minutes.
Fixed a bug that would give female PCs a penis during beast encounters if they wore a chastity belt.

0.2.8.1
Fixed a bug causing as error message when examining the ironing board in the forest shop.
Fixed an error that could appear when exposing your genitals to a stranger in the cafe.
Fixed a bug causing the ear slime parasite to force the PC to masturbate forever.
Jordan can no longer remove chastity belts they put on you.
Fixed a bug preventing the tentacle event in the Temple garden from functioning correctly.
Fixed a number of errors that could appear during encounters.
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for help with these fixes.

0.2.8.0
The temple has begun recruiting new initiates. They prefer virgins. Non-virgins can join, but must first undergo a trial.
The trial was written in collaboration with Brooms17.
Temple initiates have duties, including strict preservation of their chastity. They are allowed access to more of the temple and given a monthly allowance in return.
Added the "grace" stat to the and Cheat menu. Only appears once initiated into the temple.
Added a location sidebar icon for the temple.
Added a simple event to the town's streets that gives an incentive to wear shoes. Written in collaboration with Brooms17.
Added gags and blindfolds, art courtesy of Morgan Vayne. You cannot remove them without help. Also added art for doggy and missionary positions.
A blindfolded PC will become lost in town, leading to new events. Written in collaboration with CSdev.
Added an event triggered by passing out on the town's streets and alleys. Also written in collaboration with CSdev.
Hid an antique in the temple.
Added a stone pendant to the forest shop.
Added a monk's habit to the clothing shop.
Added a cowboy hat, cowboy chaps, gold choker, gold anklets, and checkered shirt to the clothing shop. Art courtesy of Morgan Vayne.
Added damaged variants of the cowboy chaps and checkered shirt.
Added a belly dancer's top and belly dancer's bottoms to the forest shop. Art also courtesy of Morgan Vayne.
Added witch shoes to the forest shop. They unlock with the other witch items. Art courtesy of Ewina.
Gendered clothes in shops will now display a masculine or feminine symbol beside the cost when listed.
Kylar will now equip the PC with a proper gag during the abduction sequence.
You can now choose to remove parasites from only one part of your body during the hospital procedures.
Human NPCs will now drop out of the fight one by one during gang encounters as they take damage, instead of all at once. Thanks to NG for this and other improvements to combat and beast code.
Masochistic PCs will now respond differently if more than 70% of the arousal contributing to an orgasm came from a violent source. Thanks to NG.
Thanks to Noot for condensing and improving parasite sidebar messages, and for improvements to parasite code.
Thanks to gay skele for the following improvements:
You can now prove your lack of underwear when a stranger asks to buy them.
Added a new Whitney event to the school hallways. Requires parasites be enabled.
NPCs will now acknowledge the PC's penis size during several more events, including when locked in the pillory on Cliff Street, during swimming class, and when entering the changing rooms naked.
Added an exhibitionist option when your skirt flares up on the beach.
Added the option to buy coffee at the cafe. Doing so with a skirt on may lead to exhibitionist lewdity.
Added the option to practice your backstroke while swimming naked with high exhibitionism during swimming class.
Added the option to buy milkshake "to go" at the cafe. You can drink them at the beach, at the school canteen, and can share them with Robin in their room.
Added an event to the landfill, found by searching while carrying a milkshake. Requires you not be exposed, and to have the chance of male NPCs set to at least 1%.
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following additions and improvements:
Added a "Show Caption Text" checkbox to SAVE/OPTIONS. When unchecked, an alternative, svelte version of your stats will be shown in the sidebar.
You can now use numbers when naming outfits at the wardrobe.
Added a new option to mind-control slime street encounters for submissive characters.
PCs with penises can now get feminine chastity belts from the temple.
Winter will now try to replace the PC's chastity cage with a belt should they catch them masturbating in class.
The ear slime can now limit you to lewder clothing once corruption is high at the wardrobe and shop.
Already-owned clothes will now properly update when changes are made to them on old saves. This will cause lag when loading an older save for the first time, but will only occur when clothes need to be updated between game versions.
Improved error text when part of a set can't be equipped.
Added version number to the top right of the game screen.
Ear slimes may now try to take control while the PC dances.
Added an EXPORT/IMPORT SETTINGS tab to the Settings menu, which allows you to save and load setting configurations. Experimental.
Added an external JSON file that contains default settings (for advanced users.)
Added another treasure to the lake ruins.

Balance Changes
The pig show at the brothel will now have a bigger impact on beast fame.
Increased the suspicion gained when Sam almost catches you masturbating, and when accosted by a fan on the street outside the Ocean Breeze.
The "Holy" trait on the holy pendant now increases the size of purity changes in both directions.
The "Profane" trait on the dark pendant now increases the size of awareness changes in both directions.
High arousal and aphrodisiacs will now increase cum recovery, and will increase max volume if you're already full.
The temple can now only remove their own chastity devices. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Masochism will now reduce stress increases from being hurt. Thanks to NG.
Increased the arousal gained from the masochist trait. Thanks to NG.
Masochism will now apply to all pain. Also thanks to NG.

Bug Fixes
Fixed a bug that caused semen from very large penises to be ejaculated into the PC's vagina with such force that it all flowed out.
Fixed a bug that prevented money from increasing, and time from passing, should Sam ask another member of staff to cover for the chef.
Fixed a bug causing rng to reroll when loading a save, making events fire differently. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Paying Whitney at the gate will now increase their dominance as intended.
Fixed a bug preventing suspicion from rising when blackmailed outside the Ocean Breeze.
Fixed a bug that could cause lower clothes to inherit the wetness of the garment they replaced.
Fixed a bug that prevented ass parasites being removed if the free hospital procedure went wrong.
Events will no longer be rerolled on page load/refresh. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Kylar's Jealousy will no longer be written as "Suspicion" when they're arrested. Thanks to YetAnotherDeviant.
Fixed a bug that caused the Submissive/Meek/Bratty/Defiant traits to not show at the correct values. Thanks to YetAnotherDeviant.
Also thanks to YetAnotherDeviant for a number of typo fixes, and for fixing inconsistencies in the code.
Slime in your right ear will no longer be described as residing in your left ear in the sidebar. Thanks to CasaBlanc.
The time style setting will now apply in more cases. Thanks to Noot.
Clothes on old saves will now have icons in the wardrobe. Thanks to TaiwanSmurf and Lollipop Scythe.
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes:
Fixed several bugs allowing parasites to latch on to body parts that should be obstructed by chastity devices.
Minor format fixes to the settings pages at the asylum and elsewhere.
Fixed a bug that caused being deeply anally fucked by a tentacle to influence orgasms inappropriately.
Fixed a number of points where your chastity device would be described instead of your genitals.
Fixed a number of spots where female NPCs would be described with male pronouns.
Oversized sweaters will now appropriately be described as seductive, rather than tasteful, at the clothing shop.
Fixed a bug causing coloured bars to become larger than intended.
Fixed a number of issues at Harper's appointment involving chastity devices.


0.2.7.2
Balance Changes
Increased the rate Sam's love increases.

Bug Fixes
Fixed a bug resulting in a gamebreaking loop found when beaten up in the landfill.
Fixed some gender confusion during Niki's introduction.
Fixed an error message that could be found by male characters during the photography studio scene.
Fixed a bug causing you to teleport to Elk Street when the slime tries to exert influence on the town's streets.
Fixed an error that could appear in the sidebar while bottomless.
Fixed a bug causing duplicate descriptions of you chastity belt in the sidebar.
Fixed a bug preventing chef-related suspicion from increasing.
Fixed an error found when encountering a deer in the forest.
Fixed a bug causing the PC's penis to display when it should be covered.
Fixed a bug preventing the chastity cage from displaying in the missionary position.
Fixed an error that could appear during encounters while wearing a chastity device.
Fixed an error that would appear during encounters while having your pussy eaten.
Fixed an error causing NPCs to comment on your chastity device, despite not wearing one while cumming.
Fixed a bug causing the sidebar description of your state of dress to vanish while wearing nothing but a chastity device.
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for further fixes to chastity code.
Fixed a bug preventing the removal of slime and urchin parasites at the hospital.
Fixed a bug breaking the encounter with a dog in the residential alleyways.
Performing handjobs on beasts with your left hand should no longer make the character sprite clip through their shirt.
Fixed a bug causing the PC's penis to poke through their clothes on the doggy sprite.
Sam will no longer offer you chef work after you've already accepted it.
Fixed a bug preventing the sheet rope from increasing in length while in the strange beast's lair.
Fixed a bug that made wearing a chastity belt prevent you from stripping without exhibitionism 5 acts unlocked, even while wearing underwear. Thanks to Spectacular.
Kylar's jealousy will now correctly read as such in the Social tab.

0.2.7.1
Bug Fixes
Fixed an error found when stripping in an alley in return for someone's phone.
Fixed an error found when suckling a breast on Danube Street.
Fixed an error found when working as a chef.
Fixed a bug that could prevent the use of the mirror.
Fixed a bug causing Leighton to probe your "naked" while strip searching you.

0.2.7.0
Added a chef job to the cafe, discovered via an event found when working as a waiter/waitress. Requires decent love with Sam, and for the PC to impress during said event.
The new job requires the PC be able to produce milk, semen, or other lewd fluid in sufficient quantities.
Added a few events to Cliff Street.
Added a scene at a photography studio.
Added a scene at a high-class party.
The PC may now start lactating if stimulated. Further stimulation will increase milk capacity. NPCs may try to drink during encounters. Requires at least budding breasts and breastfeeding be enabled.
Both semen and milk capacity are gradually increased by low purity. Both otherwise drop over time.
Both milk and semen take a day to replenish from empty to full.
Overhauled chastity code, moving belts to their own clothing slot and fixing a number of issues. Big thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Overhauled beast generation code to bring them more in line with now human NPCs are generated. Big thanks to NG.
Male characters will now be given chastity cages, rather than belts. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the code, and sseshess for the art.
Added a chastity result to the breastfeeding job, and chastity comments to audiences. Also thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Added additional flavour lines for NPC orgasms, found when wearing a chastity belt or cage.
Added a pass out scene to the arcade. Only triggers during opening hours, and while the PC is clothed. Passing out while undressed or when the arcade is closed results in a different outcome.
A strange beast now prowls the town's streets at night. The nightmare won't end as quickly for particularly beautiful characters.
Added a landfill to Elk Street. Access requires high skulduggery, finding the key, or passing out in one of two specific locations.
Added two antiques.
Added a new parasite type. They increase arousal while attached, and can be washed off.
Added a new type of slime parasite to the landfill that is particularly dangerous and hard to remove.
Added a corruption bar to the Characteristics tab. It only appears when infested by the above parasite. Its influence becomes harder to resist as corruption increases.
Added events and scenes related to the above parasite to the town's streets, school hallways, landfill, forest, hospital, temple, and lake.
Added a Christmas hat, Christmas leg warmers, Christmas trousers and a Christmas dress to the forest shop. Art courtesy of sseshess.
Added feminine versions of the sweater and oversized sweater to the clothing shop. Courtesy of Lollipop Scythe.
Added a chef hat to the forest shop.
Renamed Kylar's suspicion to jealousy.
Renamed Robin's dominance to confidence.
Added + Love and - Love indicators for Sam at the cafe.
Added semen and milk production to the statistics tab.
Added business fame to the social tab and cheat menu.
Added socialite fame to the social tab and cheat menu.
Business and socialite fame reduce allure.
Added Niki the photographer to the social tab and settings page.
Added Quinn the mayor to the social tab and settings page.
Added corruption to the cheat menu. Only appears with the appropriate parasite.
Added Sam's love to the cheat menu.
Adjusted hair colours. Thanks to Mookie.
You may now attract attention when eating pancakes at the cafe while wearing a skirt. The outcome involves your exhibitionism, skulduggery, and whether or not you're wearing panties. Thanks to gay skele.
Added an event to the orphanage. Unlocking requires the sequence started by the new cafe job to be resolved in a specific way.
Added "yellowish" skin tones. Labeled existing tones as "reddish", and adjusted them.
Added a "Gyaru" tone for both reddish and yellowish skin. Gyaru skin ranges from pale with no tan, to very dark with full tan.
Added save confirmation when overwriting saves with different Ids. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Added icons for most clothes at shops and wardrobes. Only newly generated clothes will have icons. Thanks to TaiwanSmurf for both the art and code.
Added the option to overwrite saved clothing sets. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Split the cheat menu into different tabs. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.

Balance Changes
The hospital will now wash you after rescuing you.
The PC's semen capacity will now increase a little each time they cum, in addition to the changes wrought by purity.
Sex, rape, prostitution, bestiality, and exhibitionism fame now increase allure, though by much less than other fame decreases it.
The chastity belt now hide's the PC's true gender, but appears female. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.

Bug Fixes
Fixed some gender confusion after River defeats the thugs.
Fixed a bug causing the arcade to close a few hours early, and to skip the "everyone is herded outside" text.
Closed a futa portal opened by ignoring the bullies in the arcade.
The location icon will no longer change to the forest's when attacked by tentacles in the orphanage garden.
Fixed a bug preventing towels from appearing properly during encounters.
Fixed a bug causing eye components from layering properly during encounters.
Fixed a bug preventing you from making clothes from plants if wearing just wet underwear, which could get you stuck in the lake.
Fixed a bug causing the nipple masturbation flavour text to ignore whether your top was pulled aside.
Fixed a bug that replaced the awareness icons with purity icons when at max awareness.
Fixed some gender confusion during the penis inspection scene.
Fixed a bug causing close up images of butts to ignore the PC's skin tone, as well as several other bugs related to close up images. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed a couple of pricing bugs at the tailor. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed a bug causing the arms of under clothes to be incorrectly displayed when upper or lower clothes are hidden in the shop. Also thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Thanks to SirSkeleto for fixing a small error found when heckled in the street with high sex fame.
Thanks to Obelus for save menu fixes.
Thanks to Klorpa for numerous minor fixes.
Fixed a bug causing the PC to be avoided when trying to socialise with classmates at school, despite a decent status.
Selling the clothes off your body on the street will now include your bra.
Fixed a bug causing named NPCs to be described as a "0" man above the radiobuttons during encounters.
Fixed a graphical bug found at the end of the pillory encounter in history class.
Fixed a bug allowing Whitney to try to abduct you right after meeting them.
Hiding from Leighton at the brothel will no longer teleport you to the strip club.
Fixed a bug that caused parasites to disappear while not bottomless.
Fixed some Whitney gender confusion during their Halloween event.


0.2.6.2
Close-up shots now take skin colour into account. Huge thanks to sseshess and Lollipop Scythe.

0.2.6.1
Fixed a bug causing Kylar to be "activated" early when visiting the arcade.
Fixed a bug causing lower clothes to appear as the wrong colour on the missionary sprite.
Fixed a bug causing under tops to appear partially red, regardless of their actual colour.

0.2.6.0
You can now choose your character's skin colour at the game's start, and tanning is now visually represented. Huge thanks to Lollipop Scythe for designing and coding the system, and to sseshess for converting a vast number of images.
Old saves can choose their skin colour from the General tab of the Settings page. This decision can only be made once per character. The new skin system will not activate until a colour is chosen.
You can choose between light, medium, and dark skin, as well as your initial degree of tan.
Your character will develop a tan while outside on sunny days. They'll develop one faster while sunbathing. Your tan will fade over time.
Added the option to disable tanning changes, and to disable the new skin system entirely, to the Settings page. Some devices may struggle with the new system. There's no noticable performance decrease on my PC, but my Android has trouble.
Added the "Require Confirmation on Save", "Require Confirmation on Load", and "Require Confirmation on Delete" options to the Saves/Options menu. Courtesy of Lollipop Scythe.
Once Whitney has at least nine collars of dominance and knows the PC's true gender, they may now forbid the PC from entering the toilets of the PC's sex, demanding they use the opposite sex toilets instead. Written in collaboration with Corrupted Savior.
Added events to the school toilets that can trigger when the above rule is in force. Also written in collaboration with Corrupted Savior.
Added a couple of short bullying events involving Whitney.
Added the option to set up a gloryhole outside the school toilets, and charge customers. Famous and skilled PCs will have better luck charging more. Requires you to find the gloryholes at the brothel, and promiscuity 4. Thanks to NG.
Janitors won't be happy to catch you whoring in their school. Their treatment of you is influenced by your sex fame, and your delinquency.
Leighton will now remove your bra when stripping your underwear during the drug search. Thanks to Freeman.
Added showers to the strip club. Thanks to Freeman.
Crotchless panties will no longer cover your ass when your skirt or shorts are pulled aside by a ruler in maths class, or you are tripped in English class.
Added thongs to the clothing shop. Similar to g-strings, but they're considered a feminine garment.
Added new art for missionary sprite breasts. Thanks to sseshess.
Added clothes to the missionary sprite. Thanks to sseshess for much of the art.
Added a unique option for angels when assaulted in the temple while praying or watching.
Robin will now react to a female PC approaching them topless after school. Written in collaboration with ThatPersonOverThere.
NPC orgasms will now take gloryholes into account. Thanks to NG.
Added flavour to NPC orgasms during general, pillory and wall events. Also thanks to NG.
Leaving the sea at the beach while naked will now result in different text depending on your character's attitude to exposure, their beauty, physique, ass size, and breast and/or penis size. Thanks to larsrand.
Added an arcade to Starfish Street, where you can play games to reduce stress. Kylar hangs out there on rainy days when school isn't in session.

Balance Changes
Newly acquired miniskirts, large towels, mini kimonos, short school skirts and oversized sweaters are now so short they no longer get in the way of spanking. Thanks to Freeman.
The brothel showers now have a chance to run out of hot water during busy hours. Thanks to Freeman.
Reduced the stress reduced by showering at the brothel.
Overdosing on growth pills will now make your breasts and genitals more sensitive. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe. 
Whitney's halloween event will now have priority over regular events.
Whitney will now strip you, rather than shove you in a locker, should you fail to fight them off during the collar strip event.
Whitney will now take your panties, rather than shove you in a locker, should you fail to fight them off when they try to impose or enforce the "no panties" rule.
Lowered the dominance required for Whitney to impose the "no panties" rule by one collar, to nine.

Bug Fixes
Whitney will no longer begin the game with zero dominance.
Whitney will no longer try to have the PC abducted without first being met.
Fixed a bug causing the cheat for undertop wetness to seem to increase the wetness of underbottoms instead.
Fixed an error found when witnessing Leighton or Whitney being arrested.
Fixed a bug that could prevent Kylar's introduction from triggering on old saves.
Fixed some gender confusion regarding River at the soup kitchen.
Fixed a bug causing clothing rebuy to replace school trousers and denim shorts, and occasionally witch dresses and oversized sweaters, with the wrong clothes.
Fixed some odd dialogue triggered when accosted by Whitney's gang while undressed.
Fixed a bug causing Robin's harasser to be referred to with Robin's pronouns while trick-or-treating.
Drying your under top should no longer be described as concealing your genitals.
Fixed a bug causing ejaculation text to describe you being restrained against a wall, despite not being in that position.
Comforting a sniffling orphan will now cause an hour to pass as advertised.
Rain will no longer make swimwear wet and transparent.
Fixed a bug preventing your clothes from disappearing when taken from the school toilets.
Fixed a bug causing you search for a waist apron in the shopping centre, despite not choosing that option.
Fixed a bug allowing Robin to both tend to their lemonade stand at the beach and play video games in their bedroom at the same time.
The gloryhole punishment in the brothel is now properly considered a gloryhole. Thanks to NG.
Fixed a number of bugs related to NPC orgasms. Thanks to NG.
You should now be able to enter the town from the beach at night, even while exposed.
Fixed a bug allowing you to sell all your clothes on the street without meeting the exhibitionism requirement.
Fixed some gender confusion for NPCs receiving a buttjob from male PCs.
Fixed a bug causing school performance to be changed by the cheat menu options for money.
Fixed some Bailey gender confusion found when they rescue you from the drug dealing gang.
Thanks to Klorpa and NG for numerous minor fixes.


Bug Fixes
Fixed a bug preventing images from appearing properly during tentacle encounters. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed a bug preventing the skin colour enable/disable option from functioning properly. Also thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed a bug allowing you to play on arcade machines naked without anyone noticing.
Fixed a bug preventing the "Require Confirmation on Save" checkbox from working, and causing the "Require Confirmation on Load" checkbox to also interrupt saving.
Fixed an issue with tanktops appearing in the wrong place on the doggy sprite.
Fixed a bug causing your shoulder to turn pale when wearing a torn tanktop.
Fixed an error message found when bumping into Kylar in the school halls.
Fixed some Robin gender confusion at the lemonade stand.
Playing a game with Kylar at the arcade will now advance time.
Fixed an underwear clipping issue on the missionary sprite.

0.2.5.3
Fixed an error found when trick-or-treating with Robin.
Fixed a gamebreaking bug found when going trick-or-treating with Whitney without first trick-or-treating with Robin.
Refusing to enter Leighton's office with Whitney, losing the fight, then refusing oral, can no longer make the PC forget to readjust their clothes.
Fixed a bug causing an error message to appear when beginning the demon transformation without the Fallen Angel trait.
Fixed an error preventing you from wiping the police computer.
Denim shorts will no longer be known as "Demim" shorts in some locations.
The loincloth no longer shares a description with striped panties.
Fixed an error message found during one of the street exhibitionism scenes.
Hid the unfinished "Pinch your nipple" option while masturbating.
Fixed a bug preventing Eden's lust from passively rising, Jordan's introduction, the option to attend mass, and Leighton's events at the brothel. Thanks to NG.
Readded sex settings for the black wolf. Also thanks to NG.
Tiny penises owned by named NPCs will now be described as such.
Fixed a bug preventing the manual selection of named NPC penis sizes.
Fixed a bug preventing the "average NPC penis size" from having any effect on named NPC auto generation.
Fixed a bug causing named NPC penises to disappear until the Settings page was visited.

0.2.5.2
Balance Changes
Each time a beast in a group assaults the PC now counts as it's own rape for the purpose of increasing awareness, lowering control, and contributing towards the "Bitch" trait.

Bug Fixes
Fixed a number of issues resulting in the breaking on of named NPC genitals, pronouns, and events.
Fixed an error at the end of Avery dates that prevented love and rage from increasing as intended.
Fixed a bug causing Robin and Whitney to use their genitals to determine their gender during halloween activities rather than their actual gender.
Fixed a repetition of lines when being rescued from the dealers during the maths project.
Robin will now properly acquire a ghost costume for halloween even if you don't speak to them in their room in the days prior.
Fixed a bug that could cause the location of Eden's cabin to become known when visiting the forest shop.
Fixed a bug preventing NPC genders and genitals being selected if not chosen at the start.
Fixed a bug causing Kylar to appear without first meeting them in the school hallways.
Fixed a bug preventing Kylar from generating properly in English.
Whitney's friends will no be described as boys and girls, rather than men and women.
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe and NG for invaluable help.

0.2.5.1
Fixed a bug preventing kindness fame from incrementing properly in the cheat menu.
Fixed a bug causing the glory holes to break your money on old saves.
Fixed a bug preventing Robin from appearing.
Fixed a bug preventing named character's genitals and pronouns from appearing.
Robin will no longer ask you to choose a game to play while their console is missing.
Fixed a bug preventing gender and genital selection and settings from functioning.
Fixed a handful of broken variables that could appear during encounters, notably when playing with breasts.
Fixed a bug preventing the laws of physics from fully appreciating the size of larger pairs of breasts.
Kylar will no longer show up in English class before you've met them.
Fixed a bug preventing some women from lactating naturally.

0.2.5.0
From the 21st of October you can now take Robin shopping for halloween costumes.
Robin will ask to go trick-or-treating on halloween proper.
Whitney will also ask to go trick-or-treating on halloween. Their ideal halloween differs.
Added a witch dress, witch hat, and vampire jacket to the forest shop. In stock from 21st October.
Added kindness fame to the cheat menu.
The moon now becomes full on the last day of each month, greatly increasing allure.
Added dress sandals to the clothing shop. Thanks to Anon.
Added a loincloth and slut shirt to the forest shop. Thanks to Normaltype.
Added trainers and denim shorts to the clothing shop. Also thanks to Normaltype.
Spiders can now be disabled in settings.
NPCs will no longer refuse requests in soft mode.
Added new lines for NPCs about to penetrate vaginas or envelop penises, for both virgins and non-virgins.
NPCs smothering the PC with their breasts now have a chance to choose other aspects of the situation when determining what to say.
NPCs may now comment when receiving footjobs, thighjobs, buttjobs, and handjobs. Written in collaboration with GuyOnline.
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for reorganisation of the folder and file structure.
Thanks to Klorpa for numerous minor fixes. 
Thanks to NG for reworking how named NPCs are generated, stored, and modified, tying them together into a consistent system.
Added gloryholes to the brothel. Pay is unaffected by the usual modifiers such as attractiveness and maths skill. Some days pay more than others, ranging from £5 to £30 a pop. Requires Promiscuity 4.
Added a "gloryholes serviced" stat to the statistics page.

Balance changes
Eden will now only begin to gain lust over time after meeting them for the first time.
The water-selling shop keeper now trusts you less when selling your body in exchange for water.
Masochism now increases more slowly the higher it is.
Slightly reduced the effectiveness of masochism at reducing pain.
Asking NPCs to stop can no longer improve the seduction skill in soft mode.

Bug fixes
Fixed a bug that could cause a blank screen when approaching the parent on the beach.
Fixed an error at the tailor. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed a bug preventing penis and clit parasites at the lake from attaching properly. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Fixed a couple of error messages during the NPC pillory scene.
Fixed a bug confusing Bailey's gender when discovering the loft.
Fixed a bug preventing you from receiving a stim when robbing the drugged student while preparing for the maths competition.
Closed a couple of herm portals found when witnessing bdsm in the temple.
Kindness fame will now appear in the mirror as an allure-decreasing effect.
Fixed a gamebreaking bug found when getting angry at a student in the playground.
Fixed a bug causing NPCs to remove your mask on the first round of an encounter.
Fixed a bug preventing NPCs from forcing your mouth against their breast with their right hand.
The bus will no longer be described as being crowded with children during a school break.
Fixed a number of issues that prevented named NPC penises from generating properly.
Fixed a bug causing outfits to increase crime by much more than intended when stolen.
Fixed a bug that prevented the natural option from applying when selecting hairstyles.
Finishing masturbating in the park toilets should no longer trigger an event as if you just entered.
Fixed a bug that caused control gains during consensual encounters to revert at the encounter's end.
Fixed a bug causing a few options in character settings to revert to their default values when the character tab was revisited.
Fixed a bug tying an NPC's genital description to their gender rather than genitals.
Fixed a bug causing consensual encounters with the water-selling shop keeper to continue after successfully asking them to stop.
Fixed a bug causing Jordan to confuse the PC's gender.
Fixed a bug that confused Bailey's gender when they kick an intruder down a flight a of stairs.
The time of Avery's date in the journal will no longer be shown in military format regardless of settings.
Fixed a bug that caused being strangled by a right hand to cause suffocation a turn earlier than intended.
Fixed a bug causing Robin to put the "Out selling lemonade!" sign on their door even when high trauma is preventing them from showing up at the beach.
Sirris should no longer materialise as a rapist following science class.
The swarm encounter in science class should no longer be considered to take place in town, rather than the school. The audience should also be correctly be described as boys and girls, rather than men and women.
Fixed a bug causing a message reading "You don't resist the force binding your arms" despite not being bound.


0.2.4.2
Fixed a gamebreaking bug found when attacked by a dog in the park.
Fixed a bug causing your mouth to remain free when giving oral in the pillory on Cliff Street.
Closed a herm portal opened when Bailey pushes an intruder down the stairs.
Closed a herm portal opened when receiving towels to cover with in the asylum.
Fixed a bug preventing the clothes thief from stealing your clothing on the beach when intended.
Thanks to bsin for the following fixes:
Fixed an error message found when getting detention.
Fixed an error message found in the police skulduggery event.
Fixed a bug preventing named NPCs from showing up at the pillory when intended.
Framing a named NPC will no longer cause them to be hauled to the pillory Friday after Friday.
Fixed a bug causing the text about spotting the police side door to show as you are dragged into a ditch and can't do anything about it.
The Faraday cage will no longer be referred to as a "Tesla cage".
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes:
Fixed an error in the tailor shop.
Male characters will no longer start with plain panties as part of their school set.
Added an option to disable the SVG map. Check if town map is not visible.
Fixed an error found during vore encounters.

0.2.4.1
Fixed a bug breaking compatibility with 0.2.3.2 saves, causing lots of errors.
The dark pendant image should now appear.
The beach assailant will no longer refer to their pet dog as a boy regardless of its actual gender.
Fixed a bug causing lone beasts to always be female.

0.2.4.0
Added events to the main hall of the orphanage. They are not triggered by allure. Instead, they occur once per day from the second day onwards.
These events influence the hope and rebelliousness of the residents, which in turn influence the events that can trigger.
Added a loft to the orphanage. It must be discovered before it can be visited.
Added a description of the orphanage's current atmosphere to the Social tab.
Praying at the temple can now trigger new events.
Added a soup kitchen to Wolf Street. Its location must be learned before it can be visited.
Added a source of three insights for the maths competition.
The town can now be navigated by clicking locations on the town map. Thanks to FreeER, with help from Lollipop Scythe and LuckyLucky.
Added more granularity and variety to non-romancable named NPC's opinions of the player character, as shown in the Social tab.
Flirting with or flashing catcalling students in the school hallways will now sometimes make them take things a step further.
Added a potentially lewd scene with Kylar.
Thanks to Ludsoe for large improvements to tentacle code.
Thanks to LuckyLucky for further improvements to tentacle code. Tentacles that are restraining limbs are now highlighted, and restrained limbs will be described as such in the PC's actions.
Added a "Rest" option to swarm encounters.
Kindness fame is now displayed in the Social tab, and lowers allure. It increases when you do nice things.
Added Darryl's and River's love, and Robin's dominance, to the cheat menu.
Added semen and slime coverings to the cheat menu.
Added showers to the brothel. Thanks to Freeman.
Added bars to represent teacher and student opinion to the Social tab.
Added a benign event to the deep forest.
Thanks to TreeFrogSoup for improvements to street and alley exhibitionism code. Attitude to exhibitionism now influences the arousal gained when exposed in streets and alleyways.
Added the Masochist trait. Masochists convert a portion of the pain from most sources into arousal. Masochism increases when the PC is hurt during an orgasm. There are four tiers of masochism severity.
Made the sidebar message warning of missed lessons more concise.
Thanks to TaiwanSmurf for new location and activity icons.
Thanks to NG for huge improvements to NPC encounter and ejaculation code.
Thanks to Klorpa for numerous code improvements, including improvements to encounter code.
Thanks to NG for giving the black wolf and other beasts different penis sizes.
Thanks to TainwanSmurf for adjustments to the sweater and oversized sweater.
Indented location links and moved icons to the left. Thanks to TaiwanSmurf.
Added a watersports toggle, though currently only one scene requires it. Thanks to Klorpa.
Added a dark pendant to the forest shop.
Added an antique to the orphanage.
Added Gwylan to NPC settings.
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following additions and improvements:
You can now optionally save specific colours when making a new clothing set.
Revamped the settings page to include tabs. Tabs on the start passage can be opened with number keys.
Added the option to re-calculate named NPC gender, genitals, and penis size.
Added a toggle to disable anal pregnancy.
Added timestamps to the save menu.
Deleting all saves now asks for confirmation.
Made the "There's a note by the window" text stand out.
Improved the readability of pills.
Replaced strong growth pills with the option to take a second dose of regular growth pills, at the risk of side effects.
Improved hairdresser code.
Adjusted numbersliders for small/high dpi screens.
Kylar will now look after the PC's pet parasites once their love is high enough, but doing so reduces their love.
Added the ability to select default colours in the clothing shop.
Added a checkbox to the clothing shop that keeps the Buy screen open when buying a garment, making it easier to send multiple items home.
Improved the code that keeps old saves compatible with new versions, which should improve performance.
Added the option to highlight clickable parts of the town map, and the option to move the town map above the travel links.
Thanks to Bsin for the following additions and improvements:
The PC is no longer the only one who can find themselves punished via pillory.
Pilloried NPCs will suffer abuse from townsfolk, especially at night.
The PC can abuse pilloried NPCs themselves if stressed.
Skulduggerous PCs may now notice vulnerabilities in security at the police station.
Fully exploiting these vulnerabilities is difficult, and requires help from the criminal underworld.
Doing so will allow you to track your wanted level, delete evidence, mass-wipe criminal records, or set up one of two named NPCs to take your punishment.
Added new minor scenes to the cafe.
Minor code improvements and typo fixes.
Famous PCs can now teach the shy boy or girl on Domus Street to love.
Added a few new events found when robbing homes on Domus Street. Some people hide terrible secrets.

Balance Changes
Lowered the dance skill required to reliably dodge the water balloon thrown at you in the street.
Made the water balloon thrower less relentless. Thanks to Bsin.
Leaving the forest shop will no longer trigger forest events.
Moved the holy pendant to the forest shop. You need to discover the soup kitchen to buy it.
Anal pregnancy now influences natural breast growth. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Playing with breasts now has greater influence on breast growth, and creampies have greater impact on penis growth. The effect of purity on penis size has been adjusted to be similar to breasts. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.

Bug Fixes
Fixed another error message found in the hospital foyer.
Sandals will no longer be considered suitable for formal occasions.
Meeting Avery for the first time after the science fair has concluded will no longer give a message about adding lichen to your science project.
Towels should now be properly worn when choosing to grab towels and enter the girl's changing room following a swimming lesson.
Fixed a couple of odd descriptions found when working on the maths project.
Entering the tentacle plains as a succubus should no longer risk a soft lock due to excessive arousal.
Fixed a bug preventing high skulduggery, low awareness characters from noticing Mason is distracting them in swimming class.
Fixed a bug causing theft at the clothing shop to give much more crime than intended.
The water balloon thrower will now have pounds in their wallet rather than dollars. Thanks to NG.
The cat found when stealing from mansions will no longer be referred to with a male pronoun regardless of its actual gender.
Items can no longer be stolen from the forest shop at night.
Fixed a bug causing the game to ignore under tops when running your chest during masturbation.
Fixed a bug breaking River's pronouns when they catch you masturbating during class.
Fixed a bug causing the PC to teleport from the school library to their bedroom when using a stimulant.
Fixed some pronoun confusion for male PCs. Thanks ot SirSkeleto.
Fixed a bug preventing men with vaginas from generating properly. Thanks to NG.
Fixed a bug preventing nipple parasites from influencing breast size. Thanks to scyne.
Closed a herm portal opened when female NPCs abuse the PC at the Cliff Street pillory. Thanks to NG.
Named NPCs will now properly manifest different penis sizes. Also thanks to NG.
Fixed a bug causing some odd text when stripping for the modelling job on Domus Street with low exhibitionism.
Fixed a bug causing the pet shop owner to mistake the PC's apparent gender.
Ass parasites should now increase arousal as intended.
Fixed a bug preventing people from noticing your penis should you strip on the beach and be in possesion of a penis.
Stripping behind the spa should now correctly remove your under top.
The beer-selling shop keeper should no longer be described as slipping their hands inside your genitals should you be wearing no underwear.
Fixed a bug preventing Leighton from recognising a lack of underwear during the car wash scene, and a bug causing the PC to strip completely instead of only to their underwear. Thanks to Freeman.
Students will no longer take the bus to and from school during break.
The shy girl/boy on Domus Street will no longer be referred to as "the her/his".
The black wolf should no longer gender swap after assaulting you the first time in the forest.
Fixed a bug preventing breasts from shrinking.
The mannequin molester who assails the PC will no longer be referred to as male regardless of their actual gender.
Special thanks to Talrea for help testing. 
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for the following fixes:
Fixed a bug preventing growth pills from working properly.
Fixed a bug preventing under tops from being discarded.
Fixed a compatibility issue for anal pregnancy on old saves.
Fixed a number of issues preventing anal pregnancy from functioning as intended.
Fixed an issue causing some parasites to lack a creature type.
Fixed a bug causing a peculiarity when the PC's hair colour is describe during the maths competition.
Fixed a number of issues with the pills system.


0.2.3.2
Fixed a bug that caused an error message in the hospital foyer, and prevented talking to Doctor Harper about anal parasites.
Fixed a bug that broke the settings page on some old saves.
Fixed a broken image link found when wearing a sundress.
Fixed a bug allowing you to add each lichen to your science project more than once.
Your bottoms will no longer always be referred to as shorts when pulled down by a student with a ruler.
Fixed a bug causing clothes to remain "pulled aside" until the end of the next encounter if removed while wet.
Wet brown clothes will no longer lose their written description and become red.
Fixed a bug causing some events that strip the PC's accessories to not put them back on after.
Fixed a bug that prevented automatic clothing rebuy from working when clothes were stolen.
The "soft" ass size at character creation is now correctly labelled "slim."
Reduced the influence of low purity on butt growth, and of exercise on butt shrinkage.
The sixth NPC in a gangbang will now be influenced by the NPC penis slider.
Women's penises should now generate properly.

0.2.3.1
Fixed a bug that broke compatibility with old saves.

0.2.3.0
Reworked how NPCs are generated. Their body type now controls how tough they are, and influences breast size. Muscular, rugged and burly NPCs are particularly strong, though still far weaker than Bailey and Eden. Thanks to NG.
Average NPC strength is roughly unchanged, with the exception of fellow students and other characters using the "boy" or "girl" descriptor. They are a bit weaker in general, depending on body type.
NPCs now have different penis sizes, ranging from tiny to massive. Massive penises cause more pain when taking virginity. A slider in settings controls the sizes they'll spawn with. Also thanks to NG.
Named NPC penis size is changed from the NPC Settings page.
Reworked the parasite framework. Added slime parasites and a few related events to the old sewers. Slime parasites have the opposite effect of traditional parasites, and reduce the size of the body part they're attached to.
Added an ass parasite to the forest.
The art for penis and chest parasites will now adjust to penis and breast size. Added simple animations to the penis parasite.
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for minor fixes to swarms and tentacles.
Added different ass sizes for the PC, ranging from slender to huge. Thanks to Klorpa for the framework. Also thanks to Klorpa for a ball size framework, though it is currently unused.
Added a short event to maths class. Written in collaboration with Brooms17.
High dominance will now cause Robin to push a bit harder for lewd when climbing into bed with you.
Avery will now demand the PC wear appropriate clothing when going on a date. Thanks to NG.
Added a surgical mask to the clothing shop. Wearing it stops fame from increasing, but has no impact on crime.
NPCs can try to remove the mask during encounters. Covering your face with a hand will stop them.
Added frayed, torn, and tattered variants for the babydoll, babydoll lingerie, ball gown, blouse, crop top, kimono, mini kimono, maid outfit, and nun's habit sidebar sprites.
Adjusted the above clothes, and added simple animations where appropriate.
Added white versions of the babydoll and babydoll lingerie.
Legwear will now layer beneath underclothes.
Added ass size and the new parasites to the cheat menu.
Adjusted the PC's arms on the missionary sprite.
Adjusted the PC's breasts on the missionary sprite. They should now better obey the laws of physics.
Randomised the order tips appear in the sidebar. Thanks to Klorpa.
Added a checkbox to disable auto select on the export/import page and other changes that should help when pasting data. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Thanks to vultureangels for improving code related to the player character's sex.
Thanks to bsin for the following additions:
Harper now notices if you're dripping with lewd fluids during a personal exam.
The trained medical audience will now notice if you're covered in lewd fluid during parasite removal.
Jordan now notices lewd fluids when checking your chastity belt.
Jordan now spots lewd fluid before 'cleansing' you for the temple.
Jordan now gets a surprise if you are full of lewd fluid during the cleansing ceremony.
Leighton notices lewd fluids when performing class inspection. The PC will use lewd fluids to enhance their flaunting.
NPCs now notice more attributes when exposing yourself on the beach.
Added new park events for normal and nude running. May run into named NPCs when running nude. On dark and stormy nights strange creatures may crawl up from the nearby drains, making running naked risky.
Added more jobs when looking for work on Domus Street. Includes life-modelling opportunities, providing help for a shy kid, and retrieving refreshments from a pervy shopkeeper. Beware kids with water bombs.

Balance Changes
Separated the holy pendant from the habit. It can be bought from the neck section of the clothing shop.
Lowered the cost of the habit to £60.
Pain will now drop to slightly below the point of disability (if it was higher than that) after being beaten up by Whitney and forced to perform oral.
Increased the effect of lust on the frequency of Kylar's stalking and their events at school.
Being rescued from the dealer gang by Bailey should no longer result in the PC immediately passing out once back on Domus Street.
Covering your face with a hand now stops all sources of fame that occur during encounters.
Kimonos and mini kimonos are now sturdier.

Bug Fixes
Fixed a bug causing the PC to be referred to with an NPC's pronouns during the Oxford Street abduction sequence.
Fixed a bug causing gender confusion for the NPC who interferes the second time you take a stimulant for the maths competition.
Copying the drugged student's work will now properly give a mathematical insight.
Fixed a soft lock found when refusing to pose for Leighton at the brothel.
Fixed a bug causing the upper half of under outfits to break when only the lower half should.
Whitney will now refer to male PCs as "boyfriend" when borrowing them from Robin.
The image for school trousers should no longer disappear when tattered.
Fixed a bug causing the PC's arms to appear on the sidebar sprite when grappled.
Wet clothes will again appear transparent in the sidebar sprite. Thanks to AutoBio.
Fixed a bug causing the swimsuit to remain of the PC after being stolen by a student during swimming class.
The PC's bra will now be mentioned when stripped down to it by Whitney.
Fixed an error that could appear when the game attempted to describe your underwear. Thanks to bsin.
Whitney will now steal the PC's underwear when implementing the "no underwear" rule as the text suggests.
Aggressive animals will now damage the PC's underwear top.
Fixed a bug causing dancing in your underwear to increase exhibitionist fame faster than dancing naked.
Fixed a bug causing changing breast size via cheat menu to break descriptions and images related to breasts.
Mini kimonos will no longer be frayed when new.
Fixed a bug preventing the stim dealer introduction from occurring during the day.
Fixed a bug causing NPCs to run their fingers along the seam of your "naked" in swimming class.
Fixed a bug causing swimsuits and leotards to behave oddly when grasped by beasts.
Being harassed and forced to strip on the school bus by delinquents will no longer ignore bras.
The PC will now remove their under top when stripping for Avery.
Fixed a bug preventing tanning from working properly on old saves.
Fixed a bug causing the PC to be double-punched when fighting NPCs in the pillory. Thanks to NG.
Fixed a bug causing the PC to fail to cover themselves when wearing wet clothes. Thanks to bsin.
Indulging in a double-feed during the Danube Street breast sucking event is no longer so good you wake up on another street. Also thanks to bsin.
Fixed a bug causing the "You've gained the Milk Addict trait" message to reappear. Thanks to SirSkeleto.
Fixed a bug allowing you to spend money you didn't have when repairing clothes at the tailor. Thanks to Taiwansmurf.
Thanks to Klorpa for a legion of fixes and improvements.



0.2.2.1
Balance Changes
The stimulant dealers can now be unlocked by entering Oxford Street during dawn and dusk, as well as day.

Bug Fixes
Fixed an error message that would appear when giving footjobs to aroused penises.
The drugged student should now only appear during the maths project, after you've discovered the source of stimulants.
The student working on their maths project in the school library should now only appear while the project is ongoing.
You should now only be able to attempt a seduction on the library student once per day, and they should no longer appear after a successful seduction.
Fixed a bug causing male PCs to be described as having a vagina when performing cunnilingus.
Fixed some strange grammar when goading someone to switch from imminent anal to imminent vaginal.

0.2.2.0
A second school project will begin three to four weeks into the game. Your character can work towards victory in their bedroom or the school library.
The player character needs to work hard if they want a good chance of winning, but some students know of a faster way. Written in collaboration with Corrupted Savior.
Added a kidnapping scenario. It can be found by antagonising the people that appear on Oxford Street while the new project is ongoing.
Added a "Tan on the beach" option to the beach. The PC will also gain a tan passively while out in the sun, though it is not yet represented visually. Thanks to NG.
Added another job opportunity when knocking on Danube street doors. Written in collaboration with Shiranui. Requires breastfeeding be enabled.
Made some adjustments that should improve performance. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
The Close button at the top of the sidebar sub-menus now sticks to the top of the screen. Also thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Sped up the fade in on page transition.
The Try On feature at the clothing shop will now remember the most recently selected colour. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Added a Save/Export feature to enable moving saves to and from Android devices. Courtesy of Lollipop Scythe.
The clothing shop now sells sandals.
Added a tailor to the shopping centre. They can repair your clothes. Thanks to Taiwansmurf.
Added a couple of lines for NPCs receiving footjobs.
Added missionary sprites for dogs, dolphins, bears, boars, pigs, and lizards. Art courtesy of sseshess.
Added towel tops and bottoms to the idle doggy sprite. Art courtesy of doc.
You can now pass 1, 6 and 24 hours in the cheat menu.

Balance Changes
The tutorial NPC will no longer have a chance to gag you with their breasts.
Harper will now send you to the asylum if you have the Visibly Disturbed trait when sent to the hospital after passing out.
You can now speak while your mouth is pressed against someone's chest, though not while pressed against a nipple.
Screaming while under the influence of an aphrodisiac will now sound like a lewd moan, and will fail to attract help.

Bug Fixes
Rounded up the escaped tentacles that were helping the townsfolk bind your limbs.
Fixed a bug causing undercover police to refer to the PC as a girl, even if they appeared as a boy.
Fixed a bug causing NPCs to know that you had bit a previous NPC's nipple, and therefore refuse to allow you to suck or lick their breasts.
Fixed an error message that could appear while your head is pressed against small to medium sized breasts.
Fixed a bug causing the PC's left arm to appear in front of their body, and their right arm behind it, while jerking tentacles in the missionary position.
Fixed a bug causing NPCs to respond to a colleague having their chest interacted with as if it were happening to them.
Fixed a bug causing Leighton to remark that an apparently female PC has nice breasts "for a boy" during the breast inspection scene.
Fixed a bug causing NPCs to force your head away from their nipple while sucking.
Removed NPCs ability to rub your face with their clit and breasts at the same time.
Removed the superfluous radiobuttons that would appear when buying a cap.
Fixed an error message found when modelling clothes for Leighton at the brothel.
Your mouth action will now default to "keep mouth closed" when someone pushes your head against their breasts.
Fixed a bug preventing tentacles grappling your right leg from showing up on the missionary sprite.
Fixed a bug preventing the gold bars on the characteristics page from appearing properly in Chrome.
Fixed a bug causing a colour mismatch between the upper and lower halves of under outfits.
Fixed a bug causing newly worn under outfits to lose their lower halves once sent to the wardrobe.
Fixed a bug causing NPCs to behave as if your head is still pressed against their chest after pulling away.
Water soaking through your bra should now longer be described as exposing your genitals.
The help option available when witnessing an assault at night is now correctly marked as taking 10 minutes.
Fixed a number of errors found when NPCs orgasm. Thanks to NG.
Fixed a bug causing the PC to be referred to as a girl by a police officer regardless of their actual gender. Thanks to NG.
Fixed a bug causing the pig in the dungeon, and the black wolf, to orgasm like humans. Also thanks to NG.
Fixed a bug preventing interaction between creampies and body size increase/reduction pills, resulting in a weaker than intended effect. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Vore encounters should no longer begin with the PC in a missionary position, with no art to represent the monster.
Angry beasts should no longer be described as slapping your hand away when you fail to stroke their clit.
Fixed a bug causing cheat menu changes to under top integrity to appear to change under bottom integrity instead.
Fixed an issue causing a missing pronoun during encounters with monster girls and boys.
Fixed a bug preventing you from selling your crotchless panties to people on the street.
Fixed a bug causing your clothes to be wrongly described as "falling to tatters" during beach volleyball while wearing just a swimsuit or bra on your chest.
Fixed a bug causing the bottom half of outfits to remain hidden after the top half is discarded, while still taking up a wardrobe slot.
Fixed an issue causing NPCs to be misassigned breasts.
Fixed a bug preventing breasts from shrinking when appropriate.
Fixed a bug causing Robin's pronouns to vanish when they admit their troubles to you.
All bras and bikini tops now leave your midriff exposed.
Fixed a bug causing bikini tops to be described as being "pulled down to your midriff", regardless of whether they actually are.
Fixed an error found when leaving dock work early.
Fixed a broken image link found when rubbing a penis between your cheeks in missionary position.
Fixed a bug preventing an action that caused a large decrease in delinquency from being marked properly.
Chatter and laughter should no longer emerge from the school while the school is empty.


0.2.1.0
Leighton can now appear at the brothel on Fridays and Saturdays, and may try to hire you if they see you dancing. Can go in one of four directions, three of which require you to have blackmailed them. Written in collaboration with Wharf.
You can now flirt with, flaunt your breasts at, or flash students who catcall you in the school hallways. Available options depend on exhibitionism, clothing, and breast size.
You can now move your mouth to your partner's chest during encounters, enabling a few new options. Thanks to everyone who helped write speech lines for NPCs who are having their chests interacted with.
Female NPCs now have different breast sizes. A slider in settings controls the sizes they'll spawn with.
Female NPCs may "encourage" you to suck their nipples by pushing your head against their breasts.
Some female NPCs will lactate if breast feeding is enabled. Drinking fresh breast milk contributes to the cat transformation and lowers purity.
Added the "Milk Addict" trait, gained by drinking a litre of breast milk. Causes further breast milk feedings to improve physique.
Added "Breast milk drank" to the statistics page, which displays the amount of breast milk consumed in milliliters.
NPCs will now interact with under tops (bras and such) during encounters.
Under tops can now be stripped while dancing.
Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for improvements to the wardrobe UI.
Thanks again to Lollipop Scythe for adding a "Try on" feature to the clothing shop, which lets you view the appearance of clothes before purchase.
Lowered the minimum possible penis size to "mini". Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Mini penises are so small that NPCs may struggle to take them, unless the PC is highly aroused.
Added "Crossdresser" as a background, which lets the PC start with opposite sex clothing, and makes wearing opposite sex clothing increase stress decay. Also courtesy of Lollipop Scythe.
Added a pharmacy to the hospital that sells pills that change body part size over time. Once more courtesy of Lollipop Scythe.
Moved the "Step away" option at mirrors to the top of the screen.
Added the options to change under top integrity and wetness to the cheat menu.
Thanks to NG for improvements to the dance studio that make changes to the other students' opinion of the PC more apparent.
The journal will now display a reminder when you have a date scheduled with Avery.
Thanks for NG for further improvements to NPC orgasms, notably adding unique lines for named characters.
Enabled the missionary sprite for encounters with tentacles. Thanks to sseshess for the missionary tentacle images.
Added NPC silhouettes to the missionary sprite. Art courtesy of sseshess.
Added an oversized variant of the sweater, which is long enough to cover the unmentionables. Just.
The sidebar will now only open when swiping the side of the screen on Android. Thanks to Uncanine.
Characteristics and other sidebar pages now open a window within the current page, rather than opening a new page. They can now be opened during encounters, except cheats. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe for helping me work this out.
The above change has allowed a reduction in the amount of information the game needs to keep track of, reducing the size of save files and improving performance in older games.

Balance Changes
Lowered the audience lust required before NPCs take actions as you dance, increasing the window for some events.
Lowered the minimum allure modifier in settings to 0.2.
Reworked how purity interacts with breast and penis growth. Having your breasts played with now encourages growth. Thanks to Lollipop Scythe.
Storing an item in a location that already contains an item of that category will now send the old item to the wardrobe, rather than destroy it.
The "empty eyes" effect is now applied at 90% of max trauma, down from 100%.
Fixed another bug causing monster boys and girls in groups to be described as "undefined">>

Bug Fixes
Fixed a bug causing some monster boys and girls to be described as "undefined".
Fixed a bug causing Bailey to be described with Robin's pronoun.
Thanks to Anon for adjustments to the fishnet tights sprite.
The "swept left" hairstyle should now appear on the sidebar sprite.
Fixed a bug preventing named NPC trust from carrying over between encounters.
Fixed a bug causing the character to appear is if in the missionary position while stuck in a wall at the brothel.
Fixed a bug causing status to drop instead of increase when getting angry when being "hooked" at the docks.
A lone "Rest" option will no longer appear at the top of the actions menu when stuck in a pillory or wall.
Fixed a couple of errors in audience speech causing apparently male PCs to be describe with female pronouns.
Clothes should no longer fix themselves after fighting someone off while trapped in the pillory on Cliff Street.
Fixed a bug causing clothing wetness to pass from one item to another.
Offering yourself to the tentacle monster beneath the lake now has a deviancy requirement as intended.
Asking to swim naked in swimming class now always has an exhibitionism requirement as intended.
The sidebar description of your state of undress and wetness should now take partially-undressed and wet under tops into account.
The "Get Dressed" option at the pool and elsewhere will now correctly wear accessories.
Fixed a bug allowing you to enter the school pool while a lesson is in session without any clothing with low exhibitionism.
Fixed a bug causing Robin to be described with a female pronoun regardless of their actual gender when in the snake's stomach, thanks to NG.
Thanks to NG for fixing a bug causing NPCs on the bus to get a wet blotch on their trousers at inappropriate times.
Fixed a bug causing menus to remain hidden after sexing Whitney after pickpocketing someone on Connudatus Street.
Catcallers in the school corridors should no longer accuse you of having "cow tits" while you have "modest" breasts.
Closed a herm portal opened by refusing the NPC who tries to blackmail you after cleaning their gutters.
Losing an item of clothing will no longer allow an event to trigger right after the previous, where they otherwise wouldn't.
The cat transformation will now increase attractiveness and allure as intended.

0.2.0.3
Added lockers back to the school changing rooms.

Balance Changes
Added the "serving" trait to the maid outfit.

Bug Fixes
Fixed a bug that would break the player character's arousal on old saves.
Fishnet stockings should now properly appear on the character sprite.
Fixed a bug causing outfits without selectable colours to arrive missing their lower half when sent home from the shop.
Fixed a bug causing the upper half of outfits to be removed when wearing an outfit on top of an already worn outfit of the same type.
Crotchless panties should no longer be described as providing any cover to your genitals.
Fixed a bug making lower clothes vanish instead of being sent to the wardrobe.
Fixed a bug causing you to get trapped in the school changing rooms.
Fixed a bug causing clothes stripped when changing into Mason's spare swimming outfits to be sent to your wardrobe, rather than the changing rooms.
The school changing rooms should no longer be described as empty when they are clearly occupied.
The option to wait for the boys/girls to leave outside the school changing rooms shoudl now only appear while they are occupied.


0.2.0.2
You can now choose chest and genital sensitivity on new characters, which can increase the arousal gained when the appropriate part is agitated. Thanks to Stuffed.
Added a "Swimwear" default set of clothes.
Added "Swimwear" as an optional category. In the future you will likely only be able to assign actual swimwear to this category, but for now you can assign whatever you like.
Replaced the school locker wardrobe with the option to dress into any set marked as swimwear, and the option to strip and store your current clothing.
Added the same functionality to the lake shore.
Added a message when attempting to wear a set that's missing parts.
Moved the list of available clothing sets to the top of the wardrobe.
Reintroduced automatic clothing rebuy. 
Losing the first half of an outfit will cause automatic clothing rebuy to replace the whole item, and losing the second half does nothing. This is to stop kimonos and other larger garments multiplying and taking over your wardrobe.

Bug Fixes
Fixed an issue that would prevent the game from saving.
Thanks to stuffed for improvements to the sanitycheck tool, helping to find the cause of bugs.
Fixed an error in the sidebar found when wearing certain clothing combinations.
Fixed a bug causing Whitney to be described with a male pronoun regardless of their actual gender.
Fixed a bug causing NPCs who give the PC head to be described with male pronouns regardless of their actual gender.
Thanks to Klorpa for minor fixes.
Fixed a bug breaking the colour of plant tops.
Fixed a bug preventing chastity belts from breaking, or being removed at the temple.
Fixed an error found when someone steals underwear from your room.
Fixed a bug causing under outfits to remove your chastity belt when worn.
The cheat to increase or decrease seduction skill will now alter the stat by consistent values.
Fixed a bug causing some clothes to vanish, rather than be put in the wardrobe, when choosing to wear an outfit.
Swimwear should no longer soak through and become transparent.
Fixed a bug causing chastity belts and collars to be removed when trying to wear other items at the wardrobe.
Fixed some instances of under outfits being referred to as "naked".

0.2.0.1
Bug Fixes
Fixed an error message in the woman's restroom at the park.
Fixed a bug causing semen ejaculated into your ass to end up in your vagina, even if you didn't have one.
Fixed a bug causing a number of problems with collars.
Fixed a number of issues with the sweater sprite.
The cheat to increase or decrease oral skill will now alter the stat by the correct value.
Fixed a bug causing underwear to vanish instead of being placed in the wardrobe.
Fixed a bug causing leotard sleeves to clip through the clothes on top of them.
Removed some erroneously placed text that could appear when NPCs came.
Fixed an error in the lake ruins.
The player character should now strip properly before bathing.
Named NPCs should no longer break character when cumming.

0.2.0.0
Clothing overhaul
Overhauled the clothing system. The main goal is to improve expandability, but it also has the following effects:
Removed automatic clothing replacements. Instead, you can store multiple versions of the same item.
You can store up to 40 items for each body category. Outfits take up both a top and bottom slot. Reaching this limit prevents you from buying more from the shop.
You can discard items you no longer want from the wardrobe.
Swimwear is now considered underwear, and can be worn beneath other clothing.
You can no longer summon your swimwear to the lake, though you can still strip.
Renamed y-fronts to briefs.
Waist aprons can now be purchased from the clothing shop.
Tights are now considered legwear, rather than underwear.
Added brown coloured clothes.
You can now store clothes on the rocks near the beach, instead of stripping in the water.
Added wardrobes to the school changing rooms, giving access to all owned clothing.
Reworked how the school changing rooms and pool handle exposure. You can leave naked with very high exhibitionism, and leave while partially undressed with slightly less exhibitionism.
Borrowed clothing will no longer vanish when you take it off.
You can now create any number of clothing "sets", and give them a custom name. They can be marked as either "Everyday" or "Sleep". Sets marked as "Sleep" will appear as something to change into before bed.
You can choose to dress into any of your sets when waking up at the orphanage.
Most clothing art will now take breast size into account.
Most underwear clothing art will now take the presence of a penis into account.
Added a "serving" trait to some clothes, which increases the tips gained when working as a bartender, waiter or waitress.
Added a "dance" trait to some clothes, making them immune to the "wear and tear" effect of the dance studio.
Your character will now wear a single large towel, rather than two small ones, when appropriate.
The accessory shop is under new management, and the existing stock has moved to the clothing shop on the High Street. The new owner only stocks one item for now, but that's sure to change.
Added a hair bow. Art courtesy of Ulithium_Dragon.
Added fishnet tights. Art courtesy of sseshess.
Added a cap accessory, and striped panties.
Thanks to lollipop scythe for help adjusting sprites.

Thanks to Shigure and anons for improved art for many existing garments, and for the following art:
Ball gown | Kimono | Mini kimono | Maid dress | Nun's habit | Tuxedo jacket | Tuxedo trousers | Blouse | Board shorts | Babydoll | Babydoll lingerie | Jeans | Long skirt | Trousers | Cycle Shorts | Breeches | Crop top | 
Serafuku | Tube top | Turtleneck | Large towel
Underwear:
Leotard | Full body leotard | Skimpy leotard | Bunny leotard | Swimsuit | Catgirl panties | Boyshorts | Crotchless panties | G-string | Microkini | Speedo | Cat girl bra | Plain bra | Lace bra | Microkini top | Sports bra
Accessories:
Bunny ears | Bunny collar | Nun's veil | Tuxedo shoes | Garter stockings | Legwarmers 

Other changes
Added the "Roll over" action to consensual scenes while images are enabled, which switches the sex sprite between doggy and missionary.
Female beasts on male PCs will now always begin encounters with the PC on their back.
Spanking encounters will now always begin with the combat sprite in the doggy position.
Added a simple event to the school for characters who appear female and have decently sized breasts.
Thanks to lollipop scythe for improvements to the sidebar ui.
Added an exhibitionist option to the event involving a shy student checking you out in history class.
Added a deviancy 4 consentacle encounter to the lake. Written in collaboration with Porcuspine.
Whitney will now sometimes take you to Connudatus street when they harass you after school.
Expanded the flavour text for NPC orgasms, courtesy of NG.
Moved hair options from the wardrobe to the mirror.

Balance Changes
Befriending teachers increases the rate of delinquency decay. Not all teachers are yet befriendable.
Decreased the stress reduction caused by big waves in the sea.
Attackers who are fought off through defiant means will no longer steal clothing they manage to strip.
Underwear (or lack of underwear) will no longer increase allure or attractiveness if it isn't visible.
Being in public without lower underwear will slowly increase exhibitionism at level 1, but stripping in public toilets no longer increases exhibitionism.

Bug Fixes
Fixed a bug causing Leighton to be referred to as "He" regardless of their actual gender.
Fixed a bug causing Harper to sometimes be referred to by the wrong pronouns during one of the assessment scenes.
Fixed a bug preventing the PC from speaking when mocking an NPC's pussy.
Fixed an error message found when flaunting your chest at Whitney.
Fixed a bug that allowed you to remove your chastity belt in order to detangle from seaweed.
You can now leave the beach changing room while partially undressed.
Closed a futa portal opened when being laughed at outside the school.



0.1.33.0
You can now open and close the sidebar with swipes on Android.
Added a second combat sprite, showing the player character on their back. Big thanks to the mysterious contributor for most of the art.
Female NPCs with male PCs will favour the new sprite.
The PC may now run into someone when trying to make it back to their room naked during the day. Written in collaboration with Jeno.
Added pink and grey eye colours.
Added pubic hair to the vaginal closeups for the hirsute wolf transformation.
The Social page will now display the starting hour for dock work once the job is accepted.
Many options in the cheat menu will now produce a bigger change per click.
Robin will now try to make amends if they alert Bailey to your distress, and won't make the same mistake twice.
Added an event that can trigger when stealing from cash registers.
Harper will now occasionally ask to help wash you in the asylum showers.
Added the Rest option to your left and right arms while in a standard position.
Added an event triggered by studying in the asylum library.
Walking to school with Robin may now attract Avery's attention. Likelihood increases if Avery has high love.

Balance Changes
Being picked on for having large breasts in the school hallways will now increase insecurity.
Having your breasts picked on by students during a bus ride will now increase insecurity as appropriate.
Whitney's comments about your breasts will now increase insecurity as appropriate.
Five minutes will now pass when refusing to attend a swimming lesson while crossdressing or nude.
Slowed the rate of willpower decay.

Bug Fixes
Fixed a bug causing NPCs to forget accepting your request to not penetrate or envelop a specific part of you if they penetrated or enveloped a different part of you.
Fixed a bug causing monster girls and boys to appear regardless of settings, and to sometimes appear as regular dogs.
Fixed a bug causing a mismatch between the gender and pronouns of monster girls and boys.
Fixed a bug causing an NPC to always be male regardless of settings.
Fixed a number of grammatical and formatting issues.
Rearranged the timebomb links so that hotkeys match up with the appropriate number.
Closed a herm portal opened when asked to return to your cell in the asylum.
Fixed a bug causing Doctor Harper to materialise as a (possibly futa) rapist at inappropriate times.
Fixed a bug preventing animations involving female animals from appearing in some circumstances.
Fixed a bug preventing female NPCs from commenting on fucking your penis.
Fixed a bug preventing the boar at the lake from generating properly.
Being interrupted after bathing for half an hour will now still clean you.
Renamed "Swept right" hairstyle to "Swept left" to improve consistency with other styles.
Fixed a bug that broke the image for shorts bunched around your ankles on the doggy sprite.
Fixed a bug causing the delinquents who harass unpopular characters on the bus before school to demand they pull up their "naked" if they were already topless.
Bikini bottoms should now appear properly on the sex sprite.
Leighton should now remember to confiscate your underwear after saying they will.
Female player characters will now correctly tease the female NPC who mistakes them for a boy in the girl's changing rooms.
Fixed a bug causing maths class to end early after opening the letter you're tasked with delivering.

0.1.32.2
Added art to represent different penis sizes to the sidebar sprite. Courtesy of Anon.

Bug Fixes
Thanks to bsin for fixing a bug that caused a soft lock in science class.
Female characters should no longer receive notifications that their penis has changed size.
Fixed an error appearing after penis surgery.
Fixed a broken line break found when talking to Landry.
Fixed a bug breaking the colour of clothes taken during the event on the streets where you witness another being attacked.
Closed a herm portal opened by the monk or nun who helps you find lichen during the science school project.
Closed a herm portal opened by being saved from Whitney by Doren when they try to strip you after school.
Corrected the text that said meditation effectiveness depended on purity.
Fixed a soft lock in Leighton's office.
Fixed a bug breaking the description of your clothing's colour if said clothing was wet.
Fixed a bug causing the wrong NPCs in a gangbang to comment on your actions.

0.1.32.1
Bug Fixes
Fixed a bug that prevented audiences from functioning.

0.1.32.0
You can now choose a tiny, small or normal sized penis for male player characters at the game's start. Existing characters default to normal. Different sizes are not yet represented by art.
Parasites and very low purity can increase penis size. Surgery can increase or reduce penis size. Penis size can increase up to enormous.
Added max player penis size option to the settings page, and penis size to the cheat menu.
NPCs may struggle to fit larger sizes.
Added and updated NPC comments and reactions to take penis size into account.
NPC comments may now cause your character to develop insecurities about their breasts or penis if they're particularly small or large. Insecurities increase stress and reduce control when agitated. The effect worsens as the insecurity does.
Added the Willpower characteristic. Characters with high willpower can resist being disabled by pain and can recover faster from orgasms.
Added the "Pray" option to the temple, and the "Meditate" option to the fishing rock at the lake. Prayer effectiveness is determined by purity. Meditation effectiveness is determined by willpower.
Collecting enough different antiques for the museum will now prompt Winter to ask you for further assistance.
Thanks to bsin for the following additions and improvements:
Defiant/submissive characters now react differently to catcalling.
Improved the street underwear selling event. High fame exhibitionist characters may be asked for lewd photos instead, and the NPC may have different demands by night. Also added more NPC commentary on your state/fame/appearance.
Added an event to the town's streets where an exposed PC witnesses another NPC being attacked. Intervention is risky.
Improved the tea, party, and garden events when working on Danube street.
Added a new tutor event to working on Danube Street.
Added a number of new skulduggery events to burglary on Danube Street.
Teachers will now send you to Leighton if you try to attend their class with your arms bound.
Added a number of "safe" events to maths, history and science.
Added more reactivity to the PC's state to several school events.

Balance Changes
NPC comments on your breasts should now better match your size.

Bug Fixes
Changing your dock status from the cheat menu should now work properly.
Closed a herm portal opened by drinking in the pub.
The pub will no longer accept money you do not have.
Fixed a bug that prevented dock work from being available if the job had previously been refused.
Accepting the docker job should now take thirty minutes as advertised.
The game will now provide an error message when a herm portal has opened. Disabled by default, and can be enabled in Settings.
The sidebar sprite moving their arms while using the default hair style will no longer reveal strange black spaces. Also made chest, navel and thigh length default hair look more natural. Courtesy of Nickka.
The description for cool shades and beanie now correctly specifies that it helps your status at school.
Having your hair cut short will no longer lock off the ability to cut your fringe.
Monsters will no longer be described as not understanding you when you apologise.
Fixed a bug rendering the PC's eyebrows invisible.
The two dock workers who attack you on the boat will be less violent at the encounter's start.
A PC working naked should no longer be dressed in towels following the encounter with two dock workers.
Fixed a bug that could cause the third monster in a pack to be female regardless of setting.
Fixed a bug that prevented monsters in a pack from being described as the correct gender.
Fixed a bug that could cause you to remove your "naked" when stripping in the wolf cave.
Fixed a bug that would prevent sleeves from appearing in the correct position with high exhibitionism.
Fixed a bug preventing wolfgirls and boys from progressing the wolf transformation.
Fixed a bug that allowed you to grasp up to six cocks between your breasts at once.
Leighton will no longer offer the PC a spare uniform after school.
Dock status in the cheat menu will now only appear after accepting work there.
Fixed a bug preventing Leighton from loading properly if you chose to blackmail them from the hallways, rather than their office.
Fixed a bug allowing Robin to grow additional sets of genitals in the cinema, which could then seemingly grow into entire new Robins.
Fixed a bug confusing Leighton's gender during the breast inspection scene.


0.1.31.0
Beasts can now be replaced by monster girls and boys during encounters. The proportion that appear as such is controlled by a slider.
By default the Hallucinations trait is required for monster girls and boys to appear. This can be toggled.
Monster girls and boys use the beast gender setting, and the human genital setting (as beasts don't have one.)
Added an "infinite pepper spray" option to the cheat menu.
Added hair and eye colour to the cheat menu.
You can now pick between 24-hour and 12-hour displays for the clock.
The temple will now host mass between 11 am and 1 pm on Sunday. Attending raises purity, more so for fallen angels.
Thanks to Shigure for adjustments to the hair sprites.
Added art to visually represent the pillory when punished by police, and when locked up in history class. Art courtesy of Anon.
Clothing will no longer become invisible while being fucked. This art is also courtesy of Anon.
Gave the tank top its own art on the sex sprite, courtesy of Ulithium_Dragon.
Recoloured and moved the pepper spray images to make them less obtrusive.
Improved flavour text a bit for most high level exhibitionism by taking trauma, stress, arousal and attitude towards exposure into account.
You can now work on the docks naked with high exhibitionism.
You can now loiter on the streets, alleyways and in the park to pass time without moving.
Added the "Refresh" and "Ruin" options to the cheat menu, as well as made your dock status changable from the cheat menu while at the docks. Courtesy of "someone you don't know".
Added Hard mode, which disables lewd stat decay. Can only be chosen at the game's start, but you can switch away from it at any point. Being incarcerated in the asylum will switch you to normal mode.
Thanks to bsin for a large expansion to the police search scene that can occur on the streets. It now has a chance of escalating each time it occurs, and is more reactive to your character's state.

Balance Changes
Harper and friends will now use their genitals again while the PC is entranced if the PC is not a virgin.
Seducing the captain of the tourist ship now only requires a B rating.
Doubled the chance of encountering a lizard in the old sewers.
Successfully escaping an attacker now restores some control and increases defiance.
Lowered the exhibitionism required to flaunt when stripped by Whitney while if wearing underwear.
Removed the awareness requirement to masturbate in the bath.

Bug Fixes
Fixed a bug preventing stress from decreasing properly following the dart board scene at the docks.
Fixed a bug causing the available options to be listed twice during an event at the docks if the PC has high physique.
Fixed an error message found when teasing patrons while on a pub crawl.
Fixed the broken flirt link found while on a pub crawl.
Fixed a bug causing stress to overflow.
Fixed a bug causing beast's front leg to be covered by your clothing while mounted.
Moving your penis, vagina, anus or mouth to a beasts genitals will now cause the beast to mount you, and display art appropriately.
Fixed a bug that broke grammar during encounters with beasts.
The crane event at the docks will no longer trigger if your character is not wearing clothing.
Your character will now cover with a towel as appropriate if the crane event destroys your skirt or shorts.
Fixed a bug causing your control to revert to its value at the start of the last non consensual encounter when stealing during a consensual encounter.
Drinking at the pub should now cost money.
Your character will now respond appropriately to having their top torn off off while playing volleyball.
Fixed a bug giving Robin a second tongue, and letting Robin use them on both ends, in the cinema and park scenes.
Losing your virginity as Janet will no longer remove your angelhood.
Fixed a bug that could prevent passing out from stress in the old sewers, with Morgan, on the tentacle plains, and on the docks.
Telling an NPC that you no longer want your penis put inside anything while anally or orally enveloped will now cause the NPC to properly remove you from that orifice.
NPCs can no longer sneak an extra turn of fucking in after you successfully tell them to stop enveloping your penis with their pussy.
Fixed several errors with the bear and cat sprites.
Thanks to Klorpa for numerous minor fixes.

0.1.30.1
Bug Fixes
Head accessories will no longer appear beneath hair.
Fixed a bug causing stress to overflow.
It is now possible to refuse the docker who offers to untie your arms.
Made fringe length available in the cheat menu.
Note that fringe growth was being tracked prior to 0.1.30.0, so old characters might need a trim.


0.1.30.0
Added the docks to Mer Street. You can find work there.
The other dockers will invite you for a night on the town once they accept you.
Added icons to the dishes available at the cafe, and icons to represent your characteristics, courtesy of Noyemi K.
Added a couple of deviancy 1 and deviancy 2 actions involving tentacles.
You can now drink booze at the pub.
Watching a romance with Robin in the cinema while in a relationship can go in a few new directions, if Robin has at least two beakers of lust. Courtesy of PurityGuy.
Added alternative hairstyles, courtesy of Shigure. 
Hairstyles can be changed from your wardrobe. The style of your sides and fringe can be changed and cut independently of each other.

Balance Changes
Drunkenness now provides resistance to stress from most sources, but increases tiredness gained over time. The stress resistance does not apply to stress gained from overflowing tiredness. More extreme drunkenness has a greater effect.
Harper will now only send you to the asylum if you have the Dissociation trait, up from Visibly Disturbed.
Harper and the other NPCs will no longer involve their genitals while the player character is hypnotised in the hospital.
You can now leave your wardrobe while naked in the asylum if you have level five exhibitionist actions unlocked.

Bug Fixes
You can no longer steal from named NPCs. Will return in the future once it's fixed up.
NPCs will no longer carry purses or wallets while in swimwear.
Fixed a bug allowing NPC relationship stats to increase or decrease beyond their limits. Eden will no longer gain a lust value several times higher than intended to be possible before you meet them.
Dogs on the beach will no longer try to rip off your skirt or shorts if you aren't wearing any.
Fixed a bug allowing you to flash your genitals or chastity belt in the street without meeting the intended exhibitionism requirement.
Fixed a bug allowing attendance of Harper's appointments at the hospital on days other than Friday.
Having parasites removed at the hospital will now mention both chest and genital varieties if both are present.


0.1.29.2
Fixed a bug that broke the Pain stat, and all future encounters, following the Whitney scene in the canteen.
Fixed a bug that caused the Robin snake encounter to break future vore encounters.
Fixed a bug that let you lap up lewd fluid for one turn after the fluid was removed.
Fixed a bug preventing the Groom action from working with only semen on your person.

0.1.29.1
Fixes a compatibility issue with tentacles on old saves.

0.1.29.0
Added crime, clothing wetness and integrity, drugs, your social standing at the asylum, and the wolf pack's state to the cheat menu, thanks to anon.
Added chest, penis and clit parasites to the cheat menu.
Added the steal ability to encounters. Unlocked by D skulduggery. Becomes easier as your skill, NPC arousal and NPC trust increases, and harder as their anger increases. Using both hands is faster, but harder.
Successfully stealing from an aggressor restores control.
Added another way to unlock the compound.
Added new images for the school, Eden's cabin, the beach, the orphanage, the pool, the pub, overcast weather, rainy weather and several icons in the Social page. Courtesy of Noyemi K.
Added a new image for the map. Also courtesy of Noyemi K.
Added icons to the town's travel options, and when choosing a location on the bus.
You can now buy a meal once per day in the cafe, for stress relief and other benefits.
Added a new transformation. Several actions contribute towards it, but the most straightforward is buying deluxe cream buns at the cafe and licking your plate clean.
Made the "awe" mechanic visible while dancing, in the form of a bar. High awe increases the amount of money gained per tip.
Whitney with high dominance may bother you and Robin as you eat together in the canteen. Written and coded by Kiyoura.
Thanks to CanolaCulture for major code improvements.
You can now choose your starting hair length. Thanks to boj.

Balance Changes
Lowered the lust requirement for Kylar to find the courage to approach you around town.

Bug Fixes
Fixed a bug causing two hours to pass during the bun event in the cafe.
Fixed a bug causing Robin's gender to be mixed up following the snake event in the forest.
Fixed an issue preventing certain images from loading on the Android version of the game.
You can no longer relax on the stump outside school while exposed, or when it isn't lunch.
Tongues and mouths will no longer remove the angel transformation or reduce control.
Fixed a bug reducing the chance of events occurring as you sleep, and preventing Bailey or the asylum from waking you.
The location icon will no longer change to the school's after sexing the woodcutter.
Fixed a bug causing the PC to grow a vagina after choosing to take a female black wolf's vagina in hand.
You can no longer enter Harper's office while naked.
Time should now progress as intended while attending the Danube Street party in an apron.
A message about lichen will no longer appear after meeting Avery for the first time if the science project has already ended.
Your character will no longer wonder why Robin didn't tell you about their debt to Bailey, if Robin has already confided.
Fixed a bug causing temporary school swim shorts to have twice the integrity of regular swim shorts.
Fixed a bug causing your "naked" to be pulled down if playing volleyball in clothes considered underwear.
Thanks to boj for fixing numerous typos, as well as other fixes including the following:
It will no longer rain inside the accessory shop.
You can no longer enter the accessory shop while exposed.
Corrected a visual error in two of the x-ray images.
The game no longer refers to the cave floor as a bed.
Corrected the order of the reduce fame buttons in the cheat menu.

0.1.28.0
Penises and tentacles will now appear on the sex sprite during titjobs, courtesy of a mysterious contributor.
Cats and the creatures under the hospital now have their own sprites, and receiving oral from beasts will now be displayed on the close up images, also thanks to the mysterious contributor.
Human NPCs will now appear as silhouettes when you receive oral, vaginal or anal. Once more thanks to the mysterious contributor. The silhouettes can be disabled in settings.
Added new options to the tentacle plains for each transformation. The wolf options also require you to be part of the pack. Written by PurityGuy.
Kylar may now stalk the PC around town. They stalk more frequently as their lust increases. The most involved result requires high lust.
Added an event to the town's streets involving tentacles. Written by Scrumpy.
Visiting the forest with Robin on dry but overcast days will result in a new scenario. Has an additional option if vore is enabled. Written by Scrumpy.
Added an event to the town's streets that becomes more dangerous if you're famous.
Added a short event to the town's streets written by TheShadowSlayer_ and coded by boj.
Added fame to the cheat menu. Thanks to boj.
Added a stump to the rear school playground that you can sit on to reduce stress and fatigue, with a couple of events tied to it. Written in collaboration with DanHell.
Clothing images will now become transparent when wet. Thanks to Khan.
Avery may now get in touch with the PC some time after the science project, on Saturdays.

Balance Changes
Robin will last longer in bed.
Vore encounters will now end five turns after entering the stomach rather than immediately, with the exception of the snake that "feeds" you to smaller snakes.
Time inside a creature's stomach may now cover you in slime.
Kylar's love and lust will no longer decay.
Mouths can no longer take your virginities.
Your attitude to being seen in your underwear is now separate from your attitude towards being seen nude. The former doesn't require as high a level of exhibitionism as the latter.

Bug Fixes
Thanks once more to Klorpa for numerous minor fixes.
Fixed an error message when delivering the note to Danube Street.
Fixed an error message that could appear after passing out.
Fixed a bug that prevented Kylar's suspicion from increasing appropriately when kissing Robin in front of them, or when leaving them at school or in the park.
Fixed a bug that prevented the combat sprite from moving while being anally eaten.
Moved the left handjob sprite in front of the main body sprite.
Fixed a bug causing Kylar to materialise at inappropriate times.
Fixed a bug causing the black wolf's gender to ignore their setting.
Fixed a bug causing you to grab your own pussy instead of the black wolf's when trying to calm it, creating a temporary pussy if you don't have one.
The dog met during an event in English class will no longer be referred to as "he."
Thanks to boj for fixing a bug that prevented Sam's love increasing appropriately, and for numerous typo fixes.
Also thanks to boj for fixing a bug that could cause progress to be lost when saving and loading in the sea.
Being groped by the VIP while dancing in the strip club or brothel will no longer refer to a skirt if you aren't wearing one.
Beast sprites should now appear while your face is mounted.
Tentacles should now appear on the sex sprite while penetrating your mouth.
Masturbating in English is now correctly considered a level 5 act if Kylar is watching, and 4 if they aren't.
Getting into a car with an NPC in exchange for money then telling them to stop will now end the encounter.
Being molested in maths class should now end upon maxing the NPC's arousal.
Fixed a bug causing beasts in a group to inherit the previously active beast's genitals.
Male beasts mounting your face but not pressing against your mouth will cum on your neck instead of your stomach.
The sex sprite should now display beasts mounting your face.
Fixed a bug that prevented control from dropping as often as intended.
Broke Kylar out of prison on old saves.

0.1.27.0
Added another named student, who may develop an obsession for the PC. Encouraging their affection can be useful, but dangerous.
Added bottom sprites for dogs, wolves, lizards, bears and dolphins. Other animals use the dog sprite. Bears also now have a top sprite. Courtesy of a mysterious stranger.
Added beast phallus sprites for oral and handjobs, and close-up sprites for beast anal. Also courtesy of said mysterious stranger.
Thanks to Klorpa for numerous minor fixes.
Added combat fame, which increases when you fight off assailants through defiant means. Becoming a famous scrapper lowers allure.
Added pepper spray, a powerful but limited-use weapon. Groups and specific strong opponents won't go down in one use. Charges are hard to come by and their use on humans is a crime.
Landry sells pepper spray charges, but it's very expensive. There are cheaper ways to acquire it.
Spray charge capacity can be increased up to five.

Balance Changes
Vore encounters will now end once in the creature's stomach.

Bug Fixes
Fixed a bug allowing NPCs to contort and lick your cheek while receiving oral.
Fixed a bug that sometimes prevented cheek licking from having any effect.
Fixed a bug causing repetition of a line describing an NPC slapping your hand away.
Fixed a bug that confused Harper's gender.
Fixed a bug allowing your character to be disabled by pain for a turn in soft mode.
Fixed a bug preventing you from making a seaweed skirt when wearing drenched panties with no skirt or shorts.
Added the missing genital description to female animals rubbing against you.
Fixed a couple of points in the forest where the location image would become the town's.
The gutter blackmailer will no longer increasingly distrust you after giving in to their demands.
Exposing yourself to the unnamed woodsman is now correctly labeled as an exhibitionist act.
Adjusted panties on the combat sprite so that they no longer clip through the top layer of clothing.
The person who gives you the note after leaving the strip club for the first time is now correctly described.
Delivering the letter to Danube Street should now pass ten minutes.
Your slime or semen coated mouth will no longer be described as an ass when looking in the mirror.
You can no longer strip at the oak behind the spa while already naked.
Robin will now be willing to go to the cinema on weekday mornings during school holidays.
Removed the temporary pussy given to male PCs after the Raul and Janet scene.
Fixed a soft lock that could occur while following the pack led by the black wolf.
Fixed a bug causing named NPC's to become the "0 man/woman" if they weren't alone in a fight.
Fixed a soft lock that could occur after fighting the creatures beneath the hospital.
Becoming a demon by running out of purity as a fallen angel will now prevent other transformations as intended.
Male characters should now be able to penetrate animal pussy without waiting for them to make the move.
Receiving the clothes gifted by Morgan should no longer trigger the automatic clothing replacement service and deduct funds.
Tiny characters should now be able to escape from beneath the hospital by squeezing through the hole.
The allure bar will no longer cap below the maximum when the "The rate that events are triggered by allure" option is set above 1.



0.1.26.1
Bug Fixes
Fixed a bug causing dark blue eyes to appear as hazel.
Fixed a bug causing male characters who read Raul and Janet to permanently transform into girls. Afflicted characters should be immediately cured upon loading the new version.
Fixed a bug causing characters from old saves to become permanently emaciated. Afflicted characters should be cured upon loading the new version, but may receive a super buff body as a side effect.
Consider it a legit use of the cheat menu to change such characters' physiques back to normal.

0.1.26.0
Added an autosave slot. The game autosaves when you sleep in the orphanage, Eden's cabin, the wolf cave, or the asylum.
Disabled saving on the starting screen.
Added a new option to the school library that can lead to masturbation and other things. How far you can take it depends on your english skill, with an A needed to unlock everything. Written and coded by Khan.
A more detailed break down of the slime and semen covering your body will now be revealed by the mirror.
Added an extra few lines to the end of the giant lizard scene in the old sewers, written by Scrumpy.
Characters with high exhibitionism can now choose if being exposed excites or embarrasses you. Chosen from the Attitudes page and defaults to embarrassed.
Bathing in the orphanage during the day may now result in harassment. Written and designed in collaboration with Jeno.
Added the ability to take penises into your mouth without waiting for the NPC to decide to do it.
Added "Deep Blue" to the colours available at the hairdresser.
Added an uncommon dance event to the brothel and strip club.
Eight hearts with Robin will now occasionally let you use their lap as a pillow while watching them play.
The security guard in the school library may now assault you if you get caught.
Added a couple of benign events to the exposed night runs in the park.
New characters can now choose their starting breast size, up to pert.
Added a new event to cafe work. Written and designed in collaboration with Brooms17.
Characters with high exhibitionism can now ask Mason if they can swim naked during their lesson.
Added a small event to swimming class. Written and designed in collaboration with Mega.
Added three antiques to the forest. One found near town, one near the lake, and one deeper in.
Added breasts to the sidebar sprite where appropriate. They only appear when topless.
Added an event to the streets and alleys, involving a mysterious stranger who offers you a chance to make some money.

Balance Changes
Harper is now easier to defeat in the asylum.
Increased the trauma threshold for release from the asylum.
Cumming inside a wolf will now count towards the wolf transformation.
Being swallowed by the giant lizard in the old sewers will cover you in a layer of slime.
Lowered the starting anger of the NPCs in the yacht fight during Robin's rescue.

Bug Fixes
Fixed an error that could appear while topless in the asylum, and while running through the park at night.
Fixed a bug causing events in the asylum to fire all of the time, or none of the time.
You will no longer be informed that your skill has improved if said skill is already maxed.
Fixed a bug causing time to stop at midnight when performing an action taking longer than an hour.
Wearing a chastity belt will no longer stop you from straddling a dick with your ass if you don't have an anal shield.
Fixed a bug causing the third animal in a succession to sometimes ignore the beast gender setting.
Removed hotkeys from the remaining changing rooms and wardrobes.
Fixed a bug allowing blackmailing Leighton twice, if the first time was to counter-blackmail their blackmail of you.
Fixed a bug causing frottage to count as penetration for the purposes of the "Penetrated others" stat.
Fixed a bug letting you repeatedly ask Winter about the candlestick.
Characters with flat chests should no longer have their nipples described as "flopping out" on occasion.
Made changes to Robin's dominance invisible for now.
Morgan should no longer be described as a businessman/woman during encounters.
Fixed a bug causing Avery, Morgan and the black wolf to be missing their genders and/or genitals on old saves until you visited the NPC Settings page.
Fixed a bug preventing the library guard's gender and genitals from loading properly.
Fixed a bug preventing some events triggering properly during exposed night runs in the park.




0.1.25.0
Added hotkeys to most actions outside of encounters, courtesy of Ly. The attached key is shown before the option.
Eden and Whitney will now make unique comments upon taking your virginity.
Added female animals, controlled by a new slider in Settings. Let me know if you find male or female animals when you shouldn't.
Female animals on male PCs aren't fully represented by art yet, as it will require a different position.
Animals can now mount your front, as well as your rear end.
Animals can now give more involved oral, and receive anal, though it makes them angry.
The black wolf has its own gender toggle in NPC Settings, similar to other unique NPCs.
Added the old sewers, found beneath the current drain system. There's a chance the current will take you there when you are pushed by a torrent of water in the drain. You can also find your own way down with a C in History.
Added a unique character who lurks in the old sewers. They and their scenes were designed and written in collaboration with Sneed (Formerly Chuck).
The old sewers are also home to a giant slime, written by CreepingDawn.
And a giant lizard, with a vore scene written by OfficialSeidon.
Five treasures can be found in the old sewers, together worth £600 at the museum. They respawn Sunday morning.
Added a breastfeeding toggle to the Settings page.

Balance Changes
Reduced the amount of fatigue gained from fatigue-increasing actions, especially dancing.
Increased the stress removed by eating lunch with Robin in the canteen.
Reduced stress gains outside encounters.
The police will no longer harass Robin at their stand more than once per day.
The chance of being hit by a torrent of water, or being attacked by a tentacle monster, in the drains is now based on the weather rather than allure. Rain is more dangerous.

Bug Fixes
Fixed some gender wonkiness during the science fair.
Fixed a bug causing the PC to be referred to as a "good girl" regardless of their apparent gender by Leighton and in the dungeon.
Fixed another bug with the close up animation for a tentacle teasing your penis.
Fixed another bug causing Harper to materialise as a futa rapist at inappropriate times.
Cleaning the gutters on Domus Street will now get your clothes wet if it's raining.
You can now attend Doctor Harper's appointments after escaping from the asylum.
Fixed a bug preventing the action to stop rubbing your penis against someone's clit from working, and a similar bug regarding ass frottage.
Fixed an error that could occur while your underwear was being pulled down.
Fixed a bug that prevented giving female NPCs oral properly.



0.1.24.0
Added platinum blond, strawberry blond, and light brown hair colours to the game's start, and the hairdresser.
Added snow white, soft pink, hot pink, teal, and crimson hair colours to the hairdresser.
You can now choose red eyes at the game's start.
Adjusted several existing colours for hair, clothes and eyes.
Added a scene caused by passing out on the tentacle plains, written by CreepingDawn.
Police will occasionally attempt to exploit and humiliate the PC if they suspect them of criminal activity. Written in collaboration with CreepingDawn.
On Android, you can now enable and disable images from the Settings page.
Added another event to cafe work. Appears only on rainy days.
You can now study in the school library while exposed if school is not in session. Doing so provides increased skill gains, and has a couple of unique events.
You can now run in the park to exercise physique and relieve stress.
You can run in the park while exposed at night. May have an exhibitionism requirement depending on how exposed you are.
Word will spread of your lewd antics in the park, attracting unsavoury types and increasing the likelihood of more dangerous events. Their attention will decay over time.

Balance Changes
Your attitude toward consensual sex is now chosen from an "Attitudes" menu in your bedroom, instead of after each consensual encounter.
Bluffing your way out of the fountain event when stealing from mansions will now only take two minutes upon failure, and ten upon success.
You can now leave the water at the beach naked with a high enough exhibitionism stat, and without requirement at night.
Lowered the exhibitionism required to leave the park toilets, and removed the exhibitionism requirement when slightly exposed.
Increased physique gains by up to 20% when exposed.
Sneaking out of the park toilets after stripping will no longer have a chance of immediately triggering an event.
Reduced the potency of many stress increasing effects outside of encounters.

Bug Fixes
Images should now work on Android 4.4 and later. If you're using 4.4 or later, and images did not work for you after the last update, let me know how it goes.
Fixed "<<delinquency>>" error messages when exposing yourself in the wrong changing room, and when winning the science fair.
Fixed an error message found when being given clothes on Domus Street.
Fixed an issue causing succubus/incubus characters to get stuck in endless tentacular rape in the tentacle plains.
Fixed an error during the collared walk with Whitney.
Closed a herm portal in the school library.
Eye colour on the sex sprite should now match the avatar.
The tie on the school shirt will now appear blue as intended.
Fixed a bug with the close up animation of a tentacle teasing your penis.
Fixed a bug causing Robin to be referred to as "The 0 boy/girl" when sleeping in their bed.
Female NPCs will no longer be described as wearing skirts in the pool.
Fixed a gamebreaking bug found when waking up in the shed with two students.
Restored the NPC relationship and breast size options to the cheat menu.
Fixed a bug causing Harper to attack you in your cell at the asylum.
Removed the large blank space that would appear during tentacle encounters.
Stripping while dancing is no longer incorrectly labeled as taking five minutes.
The blackmailer on Domus Street will no longer refer to your pussy if you do not have one.
Fixed an issue preventing the pills prescribed in the asylum from being available once per day as intended.
Fixed a bug causing status losses in the school changing rooms and at the lake to have a smaller effect than intended.
Fixed a bug that allowed leaving the water at the beach while exposed the turn after you stripped.
Fixed a border problem caused by one of the tear sprites.
Fixed a bug causing having your arms bound in the asylum to result in far more stress than intended.



0.1.23.3
Fixed several error messages appearing in a couple of Whitney's events.
Fixed several error messages appearing when begging for clothing on Domus Street.
Fixed an error message that could appear when flaunting in the opposite sex changing room.
Fixed a bug causing a number of issues with the NPCs who assault you in your cell at the asylum.

0.1.23.2
Fixed several "famegood" errors preventing certain actions from being taken.
Fixed a gamebreaking bug in the hospital basement.

0.1.23.1
Fixed an error message appearing during an asylum hypnosis scene.
Fixed an error preventing combat images from loading properly for male characters.
Fixed an error appearing when losing your anal virginity.

0.1.23.0
The colour of hair, eyes and clothes have been adjusted. If you miss any of the old colours let me know, as more will be added in the future.
Thanks to aimozg for many changes that will make adding additional colours easier in the future. Relatedly, the hairdresser can now dye your hair white.
Thanks to both Quin2k and aimozg for improving code, and working toward the clothing update.
Awareness can now drop below the starting value. Reaching the new minimum awareness will grant the "innocent" trait, and replace the trauma bar with an innocence bar.
Innocence is reduced by anything that increases awareness, and low control. Running out of innocence will remove the innocent trait, and restore the trauma bar and trauma traits.
Passing out and waking up at the hospital with the "Visibly Disturbed" trait will have you locked up in the asylum.
Accepting their treatments will lower awareness. You will be released if you gain the innocent trait, or your trauma drops low.
There are two other ways to escape. One requires tentacles to be enabled.
Added school status, delinquency and hair length to the cheat menu.

Balance Changes
Increased the duration of pink pills given to you in the pub.
Being hypnotised by Doctor Harper will now decrease awareness.
Some stress and trauma changes outside of combat have been adjusted.

Bug Fixes
Thanks to Pregmodder and Stuffedgame for the tool used to fix most of the following issues, as well as numerous typos.
Fixed a bug causing NPCs to sometimes be referred to with a male pronoun regardless of their actual gender when pinching your clit.
Successfully mocking should no longer say "+ Control" if you're at the control cap.
Fixed some gender confusion involving Mason.
Fixed a bug preventing the defiant response to Mason untying your bonds from triggering.
Fixed a similar bug blocking the defiant response to being led into the dunes after waking up on the beach.
Fixed a bug preventing the locked door from opening regardless of skulduggery level during the wolf scene beneath the hospital.
Fixed a bug that could prevent penis parasites from being removed during the free treatment.
Fixed a bug causing the hospital to provide male PC's with new underwear whether or not they already had some.
Fixed a bug preventing NPCs from talking about you fucking their ass.
Fixed a bug preventing flashbacks from triggering correctly at school.
Fixed a bug causing you to continue covering your ass a turn after you moved your hand away, and a similar bug causing you to continue working a shaft a turn after you stopped.
Fixed a bug preventing appropriate text from appearing when drugged with an aphrodisiac.
Fixed a bug causing all-boy or all-girl audiences at inappropriate times.
Fixed an issue with the "This action will take your anal virginity." message being tied to your penile virginity rather than anal.
Thanks to klorpa for fixing even more typos.



0.1.22.0
Made a SugarCube level change that should help performance, courtesy of Pregmodder.
Added a cheat menu. You can enable it in settings, then access it at the bottom of the sidebar.
Entering the wrong occupied changing room while naked will now give a different set of options, including the opportunity for surreptitious masturbation.
You can now be more assertive with your butt. (Added the straddle and envelop actions)
Incorporated Ninteen/Maury65Gunner4's Whitney mod. Adds new Whitney events to the school hallways. Includes petplay.
Also incorporated Ninteen/Maury65Gunner4's "Beg for clothes" mod. Lets you beg for clothing if naked on Domus Street. Requires high exhibitionism.

Bug Fixes
Fixed some gender confusion in the school pool changing rooms.
Fixed an error caused by successful teasing.
Boys and girls will no longer emerge in the wrong changing rooms to photograph you.
Fixed an error found in the strip club when talking to a dispirited Darryl.
Fixed a bug allowing the fallen angel transformation to stack with others.
Fixed a bug causing the angel transformation to progress despite already being a fallen angel, or no longer a virgin.
Fixed a bug causing the strip scene at the dance studio from ending the turn after it begins.
Money gained from tips should now be displayed in a more appropriate way.
You should now be able to tell all humans and beasts to stop in soft mode.
"Forcibly whored out" should no longer appear in the statistics page in soft mode.
Fixed a bug causing Winter to materialise as a rapist.



0.1.21.0
You can now overwrite saves without first deleting them, thanks to Quin2k.
Exhibitionist characters will now have an additional option when catcalled in the streets even if not wearing a skirt.
Added the mock and tease speech abilities, available in non consensual and consensual encounters respectively.
Mocking an NPC's insecurities will restore control. Control cannot be restored to a higher amount than you began the encounter with in this way.
Tease is similar, except a successful tease arouses instead of restoring control. Both require a beyond normal awareness.
New characters may choose a background that alters starting stats. Each has a disadvantage.
Entering the wrong changing room at school may now have more severe repercussions.

Balance Changes
The forest ritual scene that can occur following passing out at the lake will now end sooner.

Bug Fixes
Fixed an issue causing the performance in longer games to drop. Thanks to Lavos for identifying the cause, and Quin2k for finding a solution.
Fixed a bug making some submissive actions more effective than intended.
Fixed a bug preventing the angel and fallen angel transformations from properly increasing attractiveness and allure.
Fixed a bug that caused losing your virginity with the angel transformation to prevent other transformations from starting.
Squids will no longer rub you while swimming if bestiality is disabled.
The option to be lewd with dolphins will no longer appear if bestiality is disabled.
Making Robin cum in the cinema will now get semen on your face if they have a penis.
Cuddling in your bed with Robin will now redress you if you get out of bed without sleeping.
Fixed a bug causing Robin's gender to sometimes swap after fetching them water.
Having your arms held down while giving a handjob will no longer continue the handjob.
You can no longer straddle a penis, or push yours against an orifice while wearing a chastity belt.
Fixed an issue during encounters where beasts would be referred to as just "The".
A second pair of underwear will no longer appear beneath your first should you show the beach pervert your genitals after asking to measure theirs.
Fixed a bug causing teenagers to appear at the lake during rain.
The "Rub" action when a penis rubs against your ass or pussy will should now be auto-selected if you picked it last turn and the NPC refrained from penetrating you.
Being attacked in the school toilets after having your clothes taken will now correctly lower control.



0.1.20.2
Balance Changes
Trauma traits will now be considered "in control" if your sense of control is anxious or better.
Two of the events triggered by searching pots in the lake ruin are now stressful.

Bug Fixes
Fixed a bug causing visiting the cinema with Robin to become unavailable until the following day.
Fixed a bug causing - trauma actions to increase trauma.
Fixed a bug inverting the controlled status of trauma traits in the Traits menu.
Trauma traits should now be properly enabled if your Control bar is below the intended value.
Fixed a bug causing the "You feel more confident in your powers of seduction" message from appearing at inappropriate times.
The lake vore encounter will no longer happen if your hallucinations are under control.
Fixed a bug allowing the insomnia and nightmare traits to function despite being under control.
Descriptions of enemy states detailing their pain, arousal etc. will no longer disappear within certain ranges.
The third science project should now be doable for characters already in the middle of the project.
Resting during a vore encounter is no longer marked as a bratty action.
Fixed a bug causing fish at the lake to be described as eels.
Leaving the lake with the teenagers while hunted will no longer cause you to be hunted immediately upon reentering the forest.
Fixed further issues with being caught masturbating in English.
Fixed a bug causing Harper to materialise in place of a rapist.



0.1.20.1
Fixed a bug making your character pop Harper's pills in an unhealthy manner.

0.1.20.0
Made a third, lewd project available for the science fair.
Retrieving lichen from the lake ruin is now more involved.
Another science fair will be held on saves that have already finished one.
Swimming deeper into the lake ruin can lead to treasure.
Note that you won't lose oxygen during encounters for the time being.
Added a museum to Oxford Street. It opens on weekends. They'll buy any treasures you find.
Added hallucinogens as a third drug effect. They enable the two hallucination traits regardless of trauma or awareness level.
Fleshed out the lake with more events, with help from Klain.
You can now take Robin to the cinema in the evening once their love is high enough (two hearts).
Added a unique sprite for the black wolf, art courtesy of Ulithium_Dragon.
Harper's pills will now show up in your bedroom. You can take them once a day to restore control and lower awareness.

Balance Changes
Lewd fluid will no longer wash off during encounters in water.
Separated the drunk and aphrodisiac effects and gave them each their own stat bar.
Swimming out of the eel encounters in the drains and sea is easier.
Control is now a scale, rather than a toggle.
Most actions that would restore or shatter control now increase or decrease it by 25%.
Having less than 50% control activates trauma-related traits. High control gives resistance to trauma.
Control will slowly recover on its own.
Defeating Bailey in the orphanage will now leave you in your bedroom, rather than the main hall.

Bug Fixes
The student who gropes you in maths will now cum when their arousal hits max.
Moving your mouth to a penis or pussy will no longer increment the "orally penetrated" stat.
Fixed an issue with the angel transformation not changing when losing your virginity during gangbangs.
Fixed a bug letting you dive for lichen in the lake after the science fair has concluded.
Fixed a bug causing Avery's gender to ignore NPC settings.
Fixed a bug freeing your arms during the second brothel punishment sequence.
Fixed a gamebreaking bug during the pass out scene at the lake.
Fixed a possible gender mix-up during the first "Robin is missing" scene.
Fixed a problem with dance lessons sometimes opening with part of the introduction text, even if it's not the first visit.
Fixed an issue with the wrong text appearing following the brothel gangbang show. For real this time (I hope.)
The tea party event on Danube Street will now correctly advertise that it will take 40 minutes.
Being under the influence of a drug will no longer make your pain bar disappear.
Fixed a bug preventing the "moth-eaten mattress" event from working properly.
Fixed a bug causing the anxiety and severe anxiety traits to have an effect at lower trauma levels than intended.
Updated tutorial to include deviancy.
Fixed a bug causing a molestation to be considered consensual if you refuse the black wolf in the wolf cave.
Fixed a bug causing breasts to grow past the cap on smaller characters.
Being woken up by a greedy Bailey will no longer prevent the PC from dressing properly.
You will now fix your clothing after refusing to be blackmailed if caught masturbating in class.
Fixed a bug causing towels to sometimes replace your swimsuit following an encounter.
Fixed a bug causing penises shoved against your lips in anger to not work correctly.
You can now wriggle free from bindings during swarm and slime encounters in soft mode.



0.1.19.1
Added a "Stop hugging" option when hugging Robin.
Added an experimental "soft" mode, which makes some mechanics less brutal. The main changes are flagging all encounters as consensual, and removing the pain mechanics.
This mode is unlikely to remain unchanged, and is likely very buggy.
Added a slider to settings which controls the rate that allure triggers events.

Balance Changes
Increased the rate the swimming skill increases.

Bug Fixes
Slime and semen will now wash off in the middle of the lake.
Fixed an issue causing events to trigger back-to-back at the lake.
Fixed an issue with text refering to Robin as male regardless of their actual gender.
Fixed a bug causing cuddling Robin to increase rather than decrease stress and trauma.
Fixed a bug preventing Robin from leaving for school or work while being cuddled.
Fixed a bug generating phantom tentacles if a tentacle stopped squeezing your breasts together while a second was fucking them.
The deviant options after howling in the forest will now increase deviancy and restore control as advertised.
Fixed some gender confusion during a blackmail scene.
Fixed a bug preventing the swimming skill increasing if practicing in the lake.
Students will no longer journey to the lake on rainy days, only to vanish once there.
Fixed an issue preventing Landry from being available despite having their black box.
Closed a herm portal opened by performing in a show at the brothel, and fixed associated issues.



0.1.19.0
Made text improvements to the wolf cave.
Added new options in Robin's bedroom for dealing with trauma and other troubles. Designed and written in collaboration with Jemini.
Added a lake to the forest. Teenagers like to hang out there if the weather is nice. And if they can muster the courage. Couples sometimes camp there at night. Designed and written in collaboration with Klain.
A science fair will now be held in the town hall. Your teacher will give you a few weeks warning. Time enough to make a project. Check the Social page for details.

Balance Changes
Being upskirted or pantsed while playing volleyball will now lower your status.

Bug Fixes
Fixed an error in the fame description text.
Swapped the colours of "famous" and "recognised" in the fame description text.
The mouth "Rest" action will now be defaulted to when selected.
Fixed a bug causing human penises to appear in x-rays and close ups during beast encounters. Note that the ass close up doesn't yet have beast art.
Arms and head will now be bound appropriately during the second brothel punishment sequence.
Fixed a bug letting you put your "0" on when swimming.
Made masturbation, outfit selection and the remaining dance actions selectable by clicking on their accompanying text.
Fixed a bug causing anyone who catches you sneaking under their stall to think they have a pussy, whether or not they actually do.
Paying to get your clothes back in the school toilets will now reduce your money by the appropriate amount.
Fixed a bug preventing wolfshrooms found in the forest from incrementing your wolfiness as much as intended.
Fixed a bug making Briar act like you'd chosen the "Stuck-up" option after the the "Lost and scared" performance.
Fixed a bug making the "straddle" and "envelop" actions unavailable during beast encounters.
Fixed some weirdness caused by screaming with something near your mouth.
Fixed a bug breaking some text when first visiting Doren's home.
Fixed a bug causing NPCs to sometimes know what your genitals are while crossdressing.
Fixed an action incorrectly marked as deviant.
Fixed a bug preventing plant tops from being equipped if wearing a wet shirt.
Fixed a bug that would temporarily revert the wolf cave to its pre-Stockholm syndrome state.



0.1.18.0
The fluid text description now reflects a more extreme degree of coverage that requires both slime and semen.
Added more appropriate x-ray and vaginal close up art for beast encounters, art courtesy of Ulithium_Dragon.
Added unique sprites for pigs and boars, art also courtesy of Ulthium_Dragon.
Briar will offer another job once you become more known for prostitution. The job requires high promiscuity or deviancy.
Continuing to whore at the pub after Briar's "warning" now has a repercussion.
Added new dancing events unique to the strip club.
Radio buttons can be interacted with by clicking on their accompanying text.
Avoiding Bailey's payments will now make the orphanage a little more dangerous.
Added a general description of your fame to the Social Page. May need adjusting.
Added bars showing the wolf pack's harmony and ferocity to the Social page.
Added a brief description of each NPC shown in the Social page.
Added a journal section to the Social page that lists how much money Bailey wants, when they want it and other information.
The journal won't display the day Bailey's money is expected on old saves until you next pay them.

Balance Changes
Tripled the wolfgirl/boy buildup effect of wolfshrooms.
Visiting the wolf cave will stop whatever was hunting you.
Added a "Rest" option to mouth actions, ass actions, and made the "Rest" action for genitals available in more situations.
Adjusted lewd actions which previously restored control then immediately shattered it.
Bailey will now bring backup when trying to shake you down if you stopped them the last time.
You can store your clothes in the wolf cave to avoid them getting torn up through rough play. May require exhibitionism 2.

Bug Fixes
Being hosed down in science class will now remove slime and semen.
Slime and semen will wash from you as intended if masturbating in swimming class.
Fixed a bug preventing your school swimsuit bottom from being worn again if taken off outside a wardrobe.
Fixed a bug preventing the default outfits (casual and school) from being bound to different clothing.
Fixed a bug allowing the PC to give oral to a creature mounting them from behind.
Fixed a bug causing you to pull down your "naked" if your clothes are destroyed as you try to displace them.
Fixed a bug causing your "naked" to dry.
Fixed a bug describing the effects of an option incorrectly during the scene with Whitney in the pub.
Fixed some gender and genital confusion in the "measuring tape" encounter.
Fixed a bug preventing your clothes from being worn in the garden even if the thief throws them back.
Closed a herm portal opened by spotting a parent on the beach but not approaching them.
Fixed a bug causing aprons to spontaneously break.
Fixed a bug causing skill-based penis actions to fail when they should succeed.



0.1.17.0
Added two events to Science class.
Being the black wolf's prisoner now runs the risk of developing stockholm syndrome.
Expanded the wolf cave. The chance of specific events triggering is determined by how you interact with the pack.
If they trust you enough, they'll let you join in their hunts.

Balance Changes
Moved the Leave button in the beach, brothel and club changing rooms to the top of the page.
Increased the value of tips gained from whoring at the strip club.
You should now be able to leave the dressing rooms in the strip club and brothel naked with a high enough exhibitionism.
Encounters resulting from deviancy actions with guard animals will now be considered consensual.
Wolves will no longer always attack the PC on sight.
You can now return to the wolf cave at will once they trust you enough to leave.
Making wolves cum outside the wolf cave will now improve the pack's trust.
Speaking to Landry will keep you in the pub when finished, rather than send you to Harvest Street.

Bug Fixes
Fixed a bug causing delinquency to increase when obeying Leighton instead of refusing them during a certain event.
Fixed another bug causing Robin to materialise as a rapist.
Fixed a herm portal opened by a creepy student at school, one opened by groups of students in the playground and another in the toilets.
Fixed a bug preventing the Next button from appearing after a consensual dolphin encounter.
Fixed a bug causing small squid to harass your "naked".
Fixed an issue causing events to loop in the drains.
Fixed a bug preventing you from pulling away from a penis about to enter your mouth.
Disabling beasts will now correctly disable a rare beast encounter that can occur when you follow a dog down an alley.
Exhibitionism gained by stripping in toilets or the sea will no longer be reset if you look at a sidebar page before moving to a different area.
Fixed a bug letting you leave the strip club while undressed.
Fixed a bug causing flashbacks to trigger inappropriately.
Fixed a bug causing wardrobes and changing rooms to lag a turn when determining whether you're dressed enough to leave.
Fixed the bugs causing consensual encounters with Whitney to keep going after successfully asking them to stop.
Fixed a bug rendering you unable to use your hands in the maths class gangbang.
Fixed a bug causing the pain bar to overflow while drugged with an aphrodisiac.
Fixed a bug preventing you from returning to Eden's cabin despite having stockholm syndrome.



0.1.16.0
Added the Deviancy stat, which functions like promiscuity and exhibitionism.
Deviancy increases when you perform acts involving beasts.
Added deviancy options to several already existing events.
The wolf cave is notably untouched by the above, and will be developed in a future update.
You can now be interrupted while masturbating in the garden.
Added a new event taking place on the streets or in alleys.
Added a new event taking place at sea.
Dresses and bikinis now have a more appropriate sex sprite, art courtesy of Ulithium_Dragon.
Added a colour key to the characteristics, traits etc. pages.
An NPC will now attempt to blackmail the PC if their sexual fame gets too high.
If the PC fails to fulfill their demands or escapes the situation, they can fulfill the demands for pay instead.
Added a new option when blackmailing the headteacher, only available in some circumstances.
PCs famous mainly for consensual sex with humans can take control during the announcement board scene.
Added a map to the text only version.
Added four outfit slots at the wardrobe alongside casual and school.

Balance Changes
Moved the "Close Wardrobe" button to the top of the wardrobe.
Increased the fame required to enable the announcement board scene.
The announcement board scene will only happen if the blackmailer's demands aren't met.
Note that the for old saves the announcement board scene will not trigger a second time, but otherwise the sequence will proceed as normal.

Bug Fixes
Fixed an error occurring when caught crossdressing.
NPCs involved in the glory hole event at the brothel should no longer be able to teleport into your room.
Fixed a bug causing Whitney to hang out at the school gates much more frequently then intended.
Fixed a bug breaking some text during tentacle encounters.
Putting on an outfit after sleeping will no longer wear an item that was destroyed.
You should no longer lose the option of dressing casually or for school if the default clothing is lost.
Fixed a bug causing waist aprons to inherit the damage of your bikini bottoms.
Fixed a gamebreaking bug that could occur if you were caught exposed on the beach with your arms bound.
Fixed a bug causing NPC's change their perception of your when inappropriate.
Fixed a bug causing an hour to pass if caught masturbating during maths.
Fixed a bug that would leave you naked when getting dressed after swimming class.
Fixed a bug preventing security from being alerted if you stole a crystal from the compound following an encounter with tentacles.
The close up images won't display if the body part in question is not exposed.



0.1.15.0
Added close up shots of the PC's genitals and ass during encounters.
Added progress bars to several stats in the Characteristics page.
Various events involving Whitney will now increase their lust.
Whitney will now hang out at the gates after school if they haven't bothered you during the day. They may make passing difficult.
You can now set your currently equipped clothing as a "casual" or "school" outfit at the wardrobe. It will be worn when selecting that outfit when waking up.
Becoming famous for sex, mostly achieved by having pictures taken of you in the act, now carries a more severe repercussion.

Balance Changes
Doubled the base rate of Whitney events once they declare you their boy/girlfriend, or if their dominance reaches max.
A higher lust increases the rate of Whitney events further.
Increased the stress reduction of passing out at the orphanage and being found by Bailey.
"Dress for school" and "Dress casually" options will now put on the starting underwear by default.

Bug Fixes
Fixed a bug that caused your fatigue to rise if your sleep was interrupted while you had the insomnia trait.
Robin's dominance should now increase as intended if you accept defeat with grace.
Fixed a bug that could cause a blank screen at the beach party.
Closed a few herm portals on the bus, and a couple in the school.
Fixed some Robin gender confusion during the hospital scene.
Fixed some gender confusion in the teacher's introductions.
Fixed a bug causing hair to appear off to the side of the sprite.
Fixed a bug causing your mouth to become occupied by an invisible force if an NPC receiving a boobjob decided they'd rather fuck your mouth.
NPCs should no longer be able to lick your cheek while receiving oral. There may still be issues during encounters with multiple NPCs.
Fixed a bug preventing some types of fame from incrementing.
The sidebar stow/unstow button should no longer be covered and made unusable on Android.
Increased the maximum width needed for "narrow screen" mode to activate, in the hope of fixing some UI issues on Android.



0.1.14.0
Images should now work on narrow screens. Big thanks to Quin2k and dzn for their help.
Added the "Social" page, found in the sidebar beneath Traits. It lists each NPC's feelings towards you once you've met them.
Eden, Robin and Whitney have more specific information on the Social Page.
Moved the description of your reputation at school from the Characteristics page to the Social page.
Extended the chain of events involving Whitney. Added another branch and added exhibitionist options to already existing events.
Added the option of dealing with Whitney permanently.
Developing Whitney's affection for you won't stop the bullying, but it might make things a little easier.
Added a secret.

Balance Changes
Robin should now only show up to your room once or twice per night.
Leaving the lockers at school now takes one minute.
Increased the rate of Whitney encounters.

Bug Fixes
Fixed a bug causing your gender appearance to be locked in place between encounters.
Fixed some gender confusion at the compound.
Fixed a bug causing an audience to watch during the encounter with four students finding you undressed in a classroom.
Fixed a bug that muddled audience comments.
Fixed a bug allowing the slime encounter in the bath even if your hallucinations are under control.
Fixed a bug causing Eden's arousal to begin maxed in the encounter resulting from letting them grope you at night.
Fixed a bug preventing the above encounter from triggering more than once.



0.1.13.1
Fixes bugs causing errors during encounters with multiple NPCs.

0.1.13.0
Updated to Sugarcube v2.27.0
Added more potential reactions to NPCs discovering the PC is crossdressing. They may now have something to say about it too.
Added skirts to the sex sprite, art courtesy of Ulithium_Dragon.
Reworded male characters losing their virginity to sound less brutal.
You can now be caught masturbating during english, history and swimming lessons.
Added breast reduction and enlargement procedures to the hospital. They're expensive.
Named npcs should now remember your sex once they've seen your genitals.

Balance Changes
Robin and Bailey know your sex from the start.
Robin will not attend their stand while injured.
Slime and semen will now wash off in water, but not all at once. Increases the chance of an encounter based on how much washes off.
The NPCs involved in the fight on the yacht should be a bit less aggressive at the start.
Characters with high exhibitionism will no longer cover themselves when exposed. Characters with very high exhibitionism will no longer cover themselves even if naked.


Bug Fixes
Fixed a bug letting you fuck someone while wearing a chastity belt if you took the initiative.
Fixed a bug letting you fuck beasts in the ass while they're assaulting you. It will return in some form.
Fixed a bug preventing more severe detentions from triggering.
Fixed a bug allowing you to penetrate or envelop someone through clothing.
Eden will no longer bother you in the garden or spring if they're out hunting.
Fixed a bug preventing the image for torn green school swim shorts from appearing.
Onlookers in the terrarium imprisonment scene will now use cameras.



0.1.12.1
Added NPC genitals to the NPC Settings page.

Bug Fixes
Fixed a bug causing Robin's console to vanish as soon as you bought a new one.
Fixed a bug causing Robin to comment on your virginity even if it's long lost.
The settings page should no longer be broken for old saves.
Fixed a bug breaking the gender of named NPCs for old saves.
Fixed a bug causing Robin to materialise in place of a rapist.
Fixed a bug that prevented transformations from occurring without visiting the settings page on old saves.
The mirror will now correctly reflect allure changed by the allure mod setting.
Fixed an issue with Bailey's gender if they bring backup during the shakedown scene.

0.1.12.0
You can now choose to penetrate or envelop NPCs, rather than waiting on them to do it. Requires high promiscuity if the encounter is consensual.
Added sliders to more precisely control the proportion of NPCs that are each gender.
Added a settings page that lets you choose the gender of specific named NPCs.
Robin can be found in the canteen at school during lunch.
Robin can also be found at their lemonade stand on the beach at appropriate times. They'll appreciate help.
Made minor adjustments to the female avatar based on Ulithium_Dragon's example.

Balance Changes
NPCs with penises should no longer try to fuck the player's penis with their ass unless the encounter is consensual.
Made many adjustments to Robin's romance. Lowered the number of weeks required to trigger their ordeal.
Increased the stress and trauma caused by being too tired.
Increased the impact of delinquent acts on your reputation.
Extreme delinquency will no longer result in multiple detentions with no infractions in-between.
Made actions which alter Robin's feelings towards you clearer.

Bug Fixes
You can no longer leave the brothel or strip club while exposed.
Fixed a gamebreaking bug that could occur if you fought at the yacht.
Ejaculating inside someone's mouth or ass will now correctly lower your purity and increment your "Ejaculated in others" stat.
Fixed a bug that would get the player stuck in a loop if they entered the shopping centre while drenched.
Fixed a bug that could prevent your bottom clothes from being stripped properly.
Screaming while being molested on the bus should now attract help.
Corrected some wonky text during tentacle encounters.
Fixed a bug preventing normal interaction with Robin on saturdays.
Fixed a bug preventing you from pulling down your tights.
Fixed a bug preventing you from fixing your shorts if you were wearing a shirt.



0.1.11.1
Bug Fixes
Fixed a bug causing Eden to not lose arousal upon orgasm.
Fixed a bug that let the player accept Robin's confession multiple times.
Fixed a bug causing beauty and stress to overflow and cause problems when playing with old saves.
You can no longer enter Robin's room or walk home with them while exposed.
Fixed bugs interfering with Robin's encounters.
Fixed a bug that made the allure description inaccurate when looking in a mirror.
Fixed an issue with your clothes drying even if you wore none.

0.1.11.0
Most clothes will become transparent when wet. Be careful near water or when spending time in the rain.
Added a one-off event to the school that can occur from the second week onwards.
Added another resident to the orphanage. They're innocent and naive, and may need protecting.
They can accompany you to and from school. There's safety in numbers.
Spending time with them can lower stress and trauma.

Balance Changes
Made one of the Whitney events more impactful.
Rebalanced Eden's emotions. They should be more lustful.
Studying in the library no longer increases stress.
Greatly lowered the pain cap.
Lowered the effect of beauty on your allure and attractiveness. Still much higher than it was in 0.1.9 and earlier.
Rebalanced the allure bar.
Increased the impact of trauma gains and losses outside of encounters.

Bug Fixes
Tank tops will no longer be pulled down your body.
Fixed a bug confusing the gender of rapists at the beach party, and bullies at school.
Fixed a bug causing a tentacle event at the school from triggering even with tentacles disabled.
Fixed a bug causing phantom arms to appear during tentacle encounters.
Fixed the wrong flashback text appearing at school and underground.
Untangling yourself without removing clothes will now increase stress as indicated.
Studying in the library at midnight should no longer have a chance to proc events as if school was in session.



0.1.10.1
Bug Fixes
Fixed a bug causing your avatar's arm to lag a turn when covering yourself.
Fixed the sex sprite clothing and cum drip effects not appearing on Linux.
Untangling yourself without removing clothes will now increase stress as indicated.
Studying in the library at midnight should no longer have a chance to proc events as if school was in session.

0.1.10.0
Protecting your virginity and maintaining angelic purity for a long time will result in changes to your character. Does not stack with the wolfgirl/boy transformation.
Added three uncommon events to the forest. One requires bestiality enabled. One requires bestiality and vore enabled, and has an additional component if swarms are enabled.
You can displace your clothing during most encounters.
Added improved cum drip animations by Bear299.
Added clothing to the sex sprite, art courtesy of Ulithium_Dragon. They only appear when in the "idle" position, and skirts use shorts for now.
Dolphins have their own sprite, art also courtesy of Ulithium_Dragon.

Balance Changes
Adjusted the difficulty of skulduggery on Connudatus Street and the compound on Elk Street.
Leaving Eden's Cabin after obtaining permission now puts you closer to town.
Reduced the amount of purity restored by remaining a virgin.
Human partners can now slowly raise your awareness to higher levels.
Entering Eden's cabin will stop you being hunted.
Orgasms remove more arousal, unless under the effects of an aphrodisiac.
Beauty rises much faster, particularly if your trauma is low. Excess trauma lowers beauty.

Bug Fixes
You can no longer rob people Connudatus Street while exposed.
Fixed a bug that could reset your "Whored yourself" stat.
School grades no longer decay at the weekend.
Removed the excess decimal places from school skills on the characteristics page.
The progress bar now remains for school skills at A*.
Thigh length pink hair no longer stretches to the ground between your legs.
Fixed a gamebreaking bug that could trigger after delivering a note to the headteacher.
Disabling tentacles will now correctly prevent the tentacle encounter in the forest from occurring.
Messages caused by gaining or losing traits should no longer be skipped if you're asleep when they trigger.
Safes in Domus Street will now tell you when they no longer improve your skulduggery skill.
Safes in Danube Street will now improve your skulduggery skill.
Fixed a bug causing Doren to materialise in place of a rapist.
Strip actions are no longer unavailable while dancing without any trauma.
You can no longer pull down your underwear if something is in the way.
Worn out tentacles can no longer be interacted with by your feet.
Tentacles squeezing your breasts will no longer create a phantom tentacle when disabled.
Using the "kiss" action with a penis in front of your mouth or between your breasts will now kiss the penis.
Giving an npc a titfuck will prevent them from kissing your mouth. May still be issues during encounters with multiple npcs.
Fucking an npc's ass will correctly show on the sex sprite.



0.1.9.0
Incorporated Citizen_Hirsute_4's hirsute wolf transformation assets. Toggleable in settings.
The wolf transformation can now be disabled in settings.
Added cum drip animations, courtesy of Bear299.
X-ray images can now feature darker penises, art also courtesy of Bear299.
Wolves now have their own sprite, art courtesy of of Ulithium_Dragon.
Added sliders controlling the likelihood of pale and dark skinned npcs.
Masturbating in science and maths classes now carries the risk of being caught.
Those with D rank skulduggery can now rob people on Connudatus Street. Of the six associated events, one cannot occur at night, and one can only occur at night.
Conducting robbery on Connudatus Street can give you access to a secret compound full of valuables. Be careful not to get caught.
Added a mirror to your bedroom. It shows your attractiveness rating, and breaks down the variables influencing your attractiveness and allure.

Balance Changes
Your ability to wander naked at night is now tied to exhibitionism rather than trauma.
Lower purity now lets you recover faster from too many orgasms.
Virgins now recover purity much faster.
Masturbating to orgasm now lowers purity.

Bug Fixes
Fixed the lifeguard's identity changing during the beach exhibitionist sequence.
Fixed a bug preventing parasites from escaping your body when having your chastity belt removed at the temple.
Endless tentacle encounters should no longer occur.
Stopped the "mostly men" and "mostly women" options resetting to default when visiting the settings page.
Hid the PC's brows behind the beanie.
Certain events in the school pool should now improve your swimming skill as intended.
Made the purpose of the maximum breast size setting a bit clearer.
Just talking with a client should now correctly put your clothes back on after.



0.1.8.0
Added progress bars and a percentage next to your skills on the characteristics page.
Added similar bars to the sidebar.
Submissive and meek acts are now considered "assertive" if the encounter is consensual.
Assertiveness can be spent at the end of an encounter to increase or decrease your submissiveness, decrease your trauma, or decrease your stress.
Added a simple event that can trigger when undressed in the playground during school hours.
The shop now sells tank tops. Art courtesy of Ulithium_Dragon.
Lizards now have their own sprite. Art also courtesy of Ulithium_Dragon.
You can now masturbate in various places. These usually have no requirement, but some need exhibitionism 3. Full on public masturbation isn't ready yet, but is coming.
The actions available when masturbating depend on your awareness stat. If you begin with a "knowledgeable" character, you'll have it all unlocked from the start.
A new exhibitionism 5 action on the beach during clear days.

Balance Changes
Submissive and meek acts no longer increase submissiveness during consensual encounters.
Most actions now decrease stress during consensual encounters.
Removed the trauma requirement from most promiscuous and exhibitionist actions.
Losing half an outfit with clothing rebuy enabled now charges you half the full amount.
Human NPCs make awareness rise much more quickly. Still caps at "You have a normal understanding of sexuality" without more exotic partners.

Bug Fixes
Leaving Danube mansions after stealing from them no longer puts you on Domus Street.
Fixed an issue with the image for thigh-length brown hair.
Fixed an issue with outfits not being put on properly if half was destroyed with clothing rebuy enabled.
Fixed an issue with Eden's garden not being weeded properly if you were interrupted during.
Fixed a bug that prevented stress and trauma from increasing properly due to extreme tiredness.
Fixed a bug preventing purity from regenerating properly.
Fixed a bug preventing awareness from increasing during consensual encounters.
Fixed a bug that caused NPCs asked to not stick anything in your ass to instead not stick anything in your vagina.
Fixed a bug letting you put a shield on a chastity belt even if you couldn't afford it.



Version 0.1.7.1
Balance Changes
Hair now grows faster.


Bug Fixes
Fixed a couple of bugs occuring if Eden finds you in town.
Fixed a bug caused by crossdressing in the pool.
Fixed a bug causing hospital staff to send boys out in the cold without a shirt.
Fixed a bug involving being heckled while dancing.
Fixed a bug occuring if you frotted against someone's ass or pussy.
Fixed some problems with wearing pjs to bed and choosing the "Dress like you were before bed" option not putting clothes on (or taking them off) as intended.
Falling off a building now hurts you as intended.
Having a bath with Eden should now always wash you.
You'll now automatically remove your accessories before a swimming lesson, and should automatically put them back on when you change into your normal clothes.
You should no longer break into a building only to be shooed out.
Promiscuity 5 actions should now correctly exercise your promiscuity.
Fixed the hairpin being unbuyable with an old save.

Version 0.1.7
Added socks, shoes, stockings, shades and a hat. Art by Castle Dev.
The clothing shop sells tights, art also courtesy of Castle Dev.
Added glasses and a hairpin.
An accessory shop has opened in the forest outskirts.
Improved life at Eden's cabin. The Player Character has more autonomy once the leash is untied.
Continue to endear yourself to Eden and you may be allowed to return to town for a time.
Added wolf ears and tail to the sex sprite when appropriate.

Balance Changes
Using non-lockpicking skulduggery actions will no longer improve your skill if the act is too easy.
Increased the effect of stress reduction activities.

Bug Fixes
Closed a herm portal caused by riding a bus, and another caused by leaving the pub without talking to anyone.
Fixed an error triggered by choosing the "Stop" action while giving a buttjob.
Fixed an error that could appear during a swarm encounter while wearing a chastity belt.
Fixed broken images when playing on Linux. (Maybe)



Version 0.1.6
You can now choose the proportion of women that have penises and men that have vaginas. Might cause some weirdness, let me know.
Added chest parasites to another location.
Vore actions should now default to the last one selected.
New events in the school.
Added a "maximum breast size" setting.

Balance Changes
Reworked how purity interacts with breast growth. Breasts should now start growing sooner and progress more steadily.
Enabled breast growth for male characters.
Parasites cause much more arousal.
Chest parasites greatly accelerate breast growth.

Bug Fixes
Fixed a bug that broke your money if you received a tip dancing on day one, and fixed a bug that made them pay fractions of a penny.
Fixed a bug that prevented the "mostly men" and "mostly women" options from working properly.
Fixed a game breaking bug that could trigger if an encounter ended due to becoming incapacitated.
Fixed a bug preventing the wolf transformation from triggering correctly.
Fixed some text descriptions breaking for named NPCs.



Version 0.1.5
Your arousal can peak while walking around town, making you climax on the spot.
Gave a purpose to the username and password you can find at the school.
The seductive and promiscuous can now make money selling themselves in the pub.
Made skulduggery mechanics a bit clearer.
The clothing shop sells evening gowns.
Text descriptions during gangbangs are a bit clearer. Still much to do here.
You can now choose to attract "mostly men" or "mostly women" in settings.
The game should do a better job of remembering which action to default to after character state changes.
Added some promiscuity 5 actions.

Balance Changes
The garden job now exercises your physique.
Lowered the chance of encounters triggering in the dungeon.
NPCs become aroused faster while you're incapacitated.
The hospital will no longer dress you in casual clothes if you're not exposed.

Bug Fixes
The slime bath should no longer involve tentacles if tentacles are disabled.
Stopped NPCs from dithering when holding your genitals or trying to take you in their pussy.
Fixed another broken image.
Sealed a herm portal on the beach.
Fixed some issues making npcs behave too passively.
Fixed an issue with hair not growing properly.
Renamed the "cross legs" action to "rest".
Stopped animals other than wolves turning you into a wolfgirl/boy.
Fixed a bug that made stroking with your right hand fail to become the default action.
Fixed outfits disappearing from your wardrobe if only the top half was destroyed.
Stopped NPCs also stealing your PJ bottoms when stealing your towel.
Stopped allure updating a turn late.
Fixed a game breaking bug triggered by screaming during certain encounters.



Version 0.1.4
You can now press the enter, z or n keys instead of clicking "Next" to end the turn during encounters. Should work for all encounters and dancing.
Made rescue mechanics a bit clearer.
Added incapacity actions to encounters with tentacles and other strange creatures.
You can now start with a higher awareness stat, skipping some more innocent dialogue.

Balance Changes
Many changes to NPC behaviour with the goal of making them more decisive and focused on getting what they want.
Swarms are now less dangerous to clothing.
Wearing a chastity belt now impacts NPC moods more severely.
Being exhausted is now more dangerous.
The swimming skill now increases more quickly.

Bug Fixes
Made the seduction skill increase at the intended rate.
Seducing people in the pub now properly increases your promiscuity.
Losing the bottom of an outfit with clothing rebuy enabled should now replace the item.
Switched the submissiveness increase and decrease to their proper places during the Danube party.
Fixed a bug stopping submissiveness changes in some situations.
Fixed a discrepancy in the colour of an NPC action based on the hand they used.
Fixed a bug preventing some player character's breasts from behaving as they should.
Fixed a bug that would trap players in the drain system.
Fixed a bug causing swarms to get your arms muddled.
Fixed a bug causing male PCs to grow vaginas.
Fixed a bug that made the image for skirts disappear at certain levels of damage.
Fixed a bug that made dancing seductively not be the default action for the following turn.
Fixed some more PC and NPC gender confusion.
Fixed a bug causing the club dressing room to have two links out.
Fixed an issue preventing chastity belts being damaged as they should.
Removed NPC's ability to warp space to slap their genitals on your face. This may not be the end of it, but it'll help.



Version 0.1.3
Added new actions to a few states that would previously incapacite the player character. Some of these actions can help the pc recover.
Added new promiscuity actions and encounters in the pub.
Added a new potential event occuring when you pass out on the streets or in alleyways.

Balance Changes
Lowered the promiscuity requirement for whoring at the brothel and club.
Worked out some kinks in the breast growth system, and made low purity have a much bigger impact. Needs testing.
Greatly lowered the chance of encounters on the beach at night by adding the benign "wind blows in from the ocean" event to the pool.
Lowered the chance of the dog event occuring on the beach during the day.
Greatly lowered the chance of waking up in the industrial district if you pass out on a street. Increased the chance when passing out in an alleyway.

Bug Fixes
Sealed some more herm portals that would open if you walked the streets bound, wearing a collar or wearing towels.
Fixed an issue preventing npcs from generating properly if you wander the streets naked at night.
The bartending job now lasts an hour per shift as intended.
Fixed a promiscuous option in the club that wasn't labeled correctly.
Covering your genitals should now correctly prevent them being licked directly.
Tentacles now decrease your purity when they cum inside you as intended.
Fixed an issue with emperor's sundresses.
Orgasm and other states should now correctly interrupt frotting with your backside.
The penis parasite should now be removed by the hospital procedure.
Fixed an issue with actions from one encounter carrying over to the next.



Version 0.1.2

You can now toggle anal on and off in settings (needs testing).
Added "Passed out" to statistics page.
Some changes to help navigating around town.
Added some new descriptions to male npcs.

Balance Changes
Made the weekly payments ramp more slowly and cap at £2000.
Added a cap to allure, lowering the maximum chance of a lewd event occuring to 80%.
Passing out now removes much more stress.
Made events more likely to trigger in the school.
Increased the speed at which your skulduggery and grades improve.

Bug Fixes
Fixed a problem at school where some promiscuity actions were incorrectly marked as exhibitionist.
Fixed a bug that made hermaphrodites. There may be more like it, be on the lookout.
Fixed a bug where a specific event wouldn't pay out the intended amount.
Fixed an issue with wolf encounters occuring when they shouldn't.
Fixed an issue preventing physique from improving at the speed intended.
Fixed a bug that caused vaginas to be exiled from reality if you stopped licking them.
